The man was killed by a sniper who shot him from outside the window. The gold and jewels are unrelated to the man's death.
The man died from starvation.
The man has eczema on his hand and the glove is to protect his hand from the itch.
The woman was deaf, and she couldn't hear the gunshot.
The true heir knew that he was the king's son and did not need to take the test.  The imposter knew that he would fail the test, so he refused.
The old man's hiccups were caused by a build-up of carbon dioxide in his blood. The hiccups stopped when he was given oxygen at the hospital.
The man was a victim of a prank. Someone had set up a large fan to blow air out of the building, and the man was blown through the hole in the wall.
The man was a victim of a drive-by shooting. The holes in the building were bullet holes.
The man committed suicide.
The man's house was on fire, and he died of thirst while trying to escape.
The person was most likely a victim of a hit and run. The person was hit by a car and the impact of the collision caused many broken bones. The person was then left in the park where they eventually died from hypothermia.
The man committed suicide.
The men were killed by a gang.The ice was used to keep the bodies from stiffening so that they could be disposed of more easily.The glass was from a nearby window that was broken by the gang.
He wanted strawberry ice cream, but there was only chocolate. His brother, who was with him at the time, died in a violent manner due to an altercation with the ice cream vendor.
The man killed his wife in a fit of rage, then realized what he had done and killed himself out of guilt.
He was being chased by a murderer and hid in a closet. If he had turned on the light, the murderer would have seen him and killed him.
The man committed suicide.
The man was a beggar and the restaurant was a soup kitchen.
The sailor jumped into the water and swam to the mine, where he attached his belt to the mine and swam away from the ship before the mine exploded.
The man wanted to check to see if his car horn worked.
The reason is that the traffic is usually heavier when it's sunny, so I go faster when it's cloudy to make up for the time I'll lose in traffic.
The man was a ventriloquist and his dummy was sitting on his lap. When he opened his mouth, the dummy's head fell off, causing him to die of shock.
The couple went to see a 3D movie.

She was killed with poison
Charlie was a contestant on a game show. The game was "musical chairs" and the prize was a million dollars.
Cain killed Abel because he was jealous of Abel's relationship with God.
The man was a victim of a mugging. The mugger demanded his money and when the man reached into his pocket, the mugger thought he was going for a gun and shot him.
The man sent a package to Europe and got a note back saying "Thank you. I received it."
The box contained the other man's wife.
The man was a magician. The box contained a rabbit and the cape was part of his disguise.
The man was a balloonist, and traveled from country to country in his hot air balloon.
The man was making a prank call.
The man was sleepwalking and picked up the phone in his sleep. When he realized he was talking to nobody, he hung up and went back to bed.
The pharmacist sells the man a poison that is only effective if the person taking it believes that it is poison.
The second man was a doctor who saw that the first man was shaking his arm vigorously and knew that if he didn't intervene, the first man would dislocate his shoulder.
The man was sitting on a bomb.
The man was electrocuted while taking a shower.
The man was electrocuted. The puddle of water was from the man's body melting the snow that was on the floor.
The man was already dead when he was found in the room.
Mr. X was having a heart attack, and Mr. H punched him in the chest to try to revive him.
The friends were arguing over who would pay the bill. The one who shot the other was the one who ended up paying.
The man was a convicted murderer who had just been released from prison.  As part of his parole, he was not allowed to listen to the radio.
The man was a musician in a marching band. When the music stopped, he died because he was no longer in time with the rest of the band.
The man was a serial killer who only killed women. He heard on the radio that a woman had been killed five minutes ago, so he went home and killed his wife.
The man's finger was caught in the ring. She pulled on the ring to try to remove it from his finger, but it was too tight. So she ended up dropping the ring.
The boat was hit by a large wave and capsized, but some of the passengers were able to swim to safety.
The woman was startled by a mouse.
The man was ring the bell at a church. The rope breaking was not related to the man's death, which was caused by a heart attack.
The man was a bell ringer, and the first bell he rang signified the end of his shift. The second bell he rang signified his death.
The man was a kite.
