The man was a contestant on a game show and the music stopped when he got the final question wrong.
The boy was playing with a rope in a bell tower.  The rope broke and he fell, ringing the bell on the way down.
Joe went trick-or-treating.
The woman was electrocuted when she stepped on a live wire while wearing the shoes.
The husband was cheating on his wife with a potential business partner.
The woman and her sister are both the husband's wives, and polygamy is not punishable in the jurisdiction.
The man had been drinking too much and his brother was trying to get him to leave the bar.  The man thought his brother was trying to fight him and so he shot him.
Fritz was arrested because his papers were fake. Hans was arrested because he was speaking German.
The man was playing a game of fetch with his dog. He died of a heart attack before he could throw the stick and the dog was too far away to bring it back to him.
The man was playing hopscotch and was killed by a passing car.
The stranger was the wife's lover, and she committed suicide when she saw her husband coming.
They were both vampires who died when the sun came up and they were locked in the car.
The woman was hit by a car while lying in the street.
Tim and Greg were talking about two different things. Tim was talking about the fear of flying, and Greg was talking about the gloom of the grave.
The woman was standing on the edge of a building and threw herself out the window.
The man was killed by a hit and run driver. The tire tracks lead up to the car because the car was pushed into them by the hit and run driver.
The man was already in the garage when it started to snow.He couldn't get his car out, so he tried to walk to a nearby house for help.   Unfortunately, he didn't make it and died of exposure.
The man was a heavy smoker and had a heart attack. The only available car was the smoking car, so he went there. The smoking car was full, so he had to stand. He died of a heart attack brought on by the smoke.
The man was a tightrope walker who was practicing on the train tracks. He lost his balance and fell, dying instantly.
The men were arguing about the depth of the trench.  One man thought it should be six feet deep, while the other thought it should only be four feet deep.  They made a phone call to their boss to ask him what the depth of the trench should be.  The boss said it should be six feet deep, so the man who thought it should be six feet deep won the argument and the other man left in anger.
The man who survived was the taller of the two, and he was able to stand up and breathe through a small hole in the trunk.
The man died because he was electrocuted by a toaster that was in the bathtub with him.
The man woke up in the middle of the night and saw a spider on his bed. He turned off the light to go back to bed, and the next morning he saw the spider on the window and thought it was on his bed, so he screamed and killed himself.
The man was hanging from a noose in the middle of the room and the light went out because the power was cut off.
The man died by eating wood and sawdust.
The man is a snake.
The man was a woodworker who was sawing a piece of wood. The sawdust pile was below the wood, so as he was sawing, the sawdust fell on him and eventually covered him. He suffocated and died.
The men were in a race to see who could chop the most wood. One man won, but the other man cheated by using a rope to tie his logs together. When the judges found out, they disqualified the cheating man and he was so angry that he killed the other man.
The interruption was a person coming in to ask for an autograph.
The woman was killed by a flying object during the thunderstorm.
The woman was in a hot air balloon. The flash of lightning burst the balloon, and she fell to her death.
The people on the yacht committed suicide.
The man was born in 1972 and his twin brother was born in 1952. The man died in 1952 at the age of 25.
The man was mauled by a polar bear and died before he could reach his pack of food.
The man was too tired to push the car any further, so he decided to leave it at the hotel and go bankrupt.
The man was a hitchhiker and the driver picked him up.
The man was shot through the window of a building. The bicycles were in the room and were used as decoys by the killer.
The man was a beekeeper and was wearing a bee suit. He suffered from anaphylactic shock and died as a result of being stung by a bee.
There are two jokers in the deck.
The driver was blind.
Elsa has super speed and can move faster than the speed of light.
Alice killed herself.
Romeo and Juliet are fish.
Tom and Jean were electrocuted by a broken lamp in a puddle of water. The baseball was unrelated.
The man was an archaeologist. He was looking at the beetle and bricks when he had a heart attack and died.
The people in the cabin killed each other.
The man committed suicide.
The people in the cabin died of carbon monoxide poisoning from a faulty heater.
The first person was sitting in the electric chair.
