The man was killed by the fall from the window. The jewels and gold were probably his life savings, and the chandelier was most likely turned on in an attempt to stage the scene to make it look like a robbery gone wrong.
The man had the hiccups.The bartender realized this and chose instead to cure the hiccups by frightening the man with the gun.
The man had a bandage on his hand and didn't want to get it dirty.
The woman was in shock and did not realize her husband had killed himself.
The one who agreed to the test was not the rightful heir, because a rightful heir would have known that he would be sent packing no matter what.  The one who refused to take the test was therefore the rightful heir.
The old man was rushed to the hospital because he was choking on his own vomit. The hiccups stopped when he got to the hospital and he was able to be treated.
The man was shot with a rifle from a distance. The bullet went through the man and left a hole.
The man was a juggler and was practicing his juggling skills.He died when he slipped and fell on the marble floor, and the three balls he was juggling hit him in the head, neck, and chest.
The man was killed by a snake.
The man was poisoned and the water was the only thing that could have saved him.
The body was that of a construction worker who fell from the top of a building under construction.His body was not discovered until after sundown, when the temperature in Chicago plummets.
The man was dead when he was found.
The men were acrobats. They were performing on a tightrope between two buildings when they were hit by a gust of wind and blown off the rope. They fell to their deaths on the pavement below.
The man's brother was killed in a store robbery. The man was offered ice cream by the robber as he was leaving, but he refused because he wanted chocolate.
The husband killed the wife, then killed himself.
The man was killed by a killer in the dark. If he had turned on the light, he would have seen the killer and would have been able to defend himself.
The man was killed in a fall from the balcony on the second floor.
The man was a beggar who went into the restaurant and ate a large meal. When he was done, he simply got up and left without paying.
The sailor threw the mine overboard, saving the lives of the crew and the ship.
The man wanted to get the attention of the person in the room next to him.
The sun is in my eyes when I go around the corner and I can't see as well.
The man held his breath for too long and died from suffocation.
The wife was already dead. The husband strangled her to make it look like a murder, so that he could collect on her life insurance policy.
The woman was shot.
The woman was killed by a poisoned dart fired from a blowgun. The dart was coated with a fast-acting poison that killed her instantly. The blowgun was fired from a distance and the dart hit her in the neck, causing her to fall over and appear to trip and fall down the stairs.
Charlie was a musician who was playing the violin in a band. When the music stopped, he died of a heart attack.
Cain killed Abel because he was jealous of Abel's relationship with God.
The one-armed man was actually a pickpocket. He used the distraction of the shooting to pick the other man's pocket.
The man sent the package by mail and it was returned to him with a thank you note from the person in Europe.
The box contained a man. The man inside the box was killed when the box hit the ground.
The man wanted to be seen so that people would know that he had solved the case.
The man was a balloonist, and traveled from country to country in his hot air balloon.
The man was sleepwalking.
The man was dreaming and the telephone ringing was part of his dream. When he woke up and answered the phone, there was no one there because the telephone ringing was just part of his dream.
The pharmacist could sell the man the poison, but mix in a bittering agent that would make it unpalatable.
The second man was a mugger and he used the opportunity of the first man being distracted to attack him.
The man was sitting on a chair which was suspended by two ropes over two pressurized containers. The man was killed when the ropes were cut, causing the chair to fall and the man to be crushed by the containers.
The man was stabbed and then drowned in the puddle of blood.
The man committed suicide by hanging himself. The puddle of water was from the man's body sweating due to the anxiety of being in a locked room.
The man committed suicide by hanging himself in the room.
Mr. X was having a heart attack and punched Mr. H in the face in an attempt to start CPR on himself.
The person who shot the other had a peanut allergy and the victim had just eaten a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
The man was a paranoid schizophrenic and he heard the voice of God telling him to shoot himself. When he turned on the radio, he heard a news report about a man who shot himself. The man thought that the news report was about him and that shooting himself was what God wanted him to do.
The man was a musician who was performing on stage. He was electrocuted when he touched his microphone while standing in a puddle of water.
The man heard on the radio that a madman was on the loose in the area and was shooting people. The man went home to make sure his wife was safe.
The woman was stealing the man's ring, but it was caught on his finger and she ended up dropping it.
The riverboat hit a rock and capsized. Some of the passengers were able to swim to shore and survive.
The woman was claustrophobic and the room was too small for her.
A man was poisoned and the antidote was a bell that needed to ring to save him, but the rope holding the bell broke.
The man was a boxer.  The first bell rang to signal the start of the fight.  He died during the fight, and the second bell rang to signal the end of the fight.
The man was sitting at home and eating a cantaloupe. The little boy outside threw a rock at the cantaloupe, hitting the man in the head and killing him.
The man had severe acne and was very self-conscious about it. The rhyme he was reciting was "Ring around the rosie, pocket full of posies, ashes, ashes, we all fall down." As he said "ashes, ashes," he realized that he was leaving smudges of soot on the baby's face.
Kerry and Terry are twins. Terry is older than Kerry by two days.
Kerry was born first in Massachusetts, so he gets to cut the cake. Terry was born second in Rhode Island, so he gets to choose which piece he wants.
The wife put the letter in the envelope upside down. When her husband opened the envelope, he would turn the letter right side up to read it, thereby breaking the seal.
The people with the tattoo all went to the same tattoo artist. The artist had recently been to Mexico and was inspired by the Crucifixion scene he saw there.
The assistant was trying to sell Pat a suitcase, and thought that if Pat rented one, he would be more likely to buy one in the future.
At least 106 matches must be played. In a single-elimination tournament, half of the entrants are eliminated in the first round. In 213 people, there would be 106 first-round matches.
The man's wife would often forget to lock the doors at night, so the man did it himself to ensure the safety of his family. By placing the key in cold water, he made it more difficult for his wife to find and it would give him time to wake up and stop her if she tried to leave the house without locking the doors.
Harry was making a model rocket.
The man was a teetotaler and didn't want any other drink.
The man had the hiccups.
The man was a car salesman, and he was trying to create a new market for used cars in the desert.
The building was the Sydney Harbour Bridge. When it was completed in 1932 it was the world's longest steel arch bridge. In 1988 the decision was made to demolish it and replace it with an almost identical bridge.
The man was a collector of rare and valuable stamps. He believed that the cheque, when torn into 217 pieces, would reveal a rare and valuable stamp.
The place was the North Pole.
All of these animals are common pets in the United States.
The program was supposed to last 8 minutes, but the DJ played a song that was 8 minutes too long.
The state traffic regulations changed the minimum width of a vehicle lane from 12 feet to 14 feet. This caused an increase in trade for local sex shops because the wider lanes could accommodate larger vehicles, such as buses and RVs.
The change in traffic regulations was the introduction of a one way system, which meant that the sex shops were no longer on the route home for most people.
The man had been sleepwalking. Opening the drapes allowed him to see that it was daytime, which helped him realize that he should be asleep and not walking around.
The man was a sleepwalker. The official refused to sell him the drapes because he didn't want the man to hurt himself by walking into them in the dark. The man was glad because he didn't want to buy the drapes and was relieved he didn't have to.
The man called a phone-in competition to win a free T-shirt, which was being offered by a company to the first 100 viewers who phoned in. The man later regretted doing this because he won a free T-shirt from a company that was offering a phone-in competition to win a free T-shirt to the first 100 viewers who phoned in, and he was the 100th caller.
He dialled 911 on a cordless phone and then left it off the hook so that the police could trace the call and find the robbers.
The bank was in the middle of a robbery when the gang arrived. The money had already been transferred to the central bank.
The fourth person was a counterfeiter and the three others were secret service agents.
