The man was asked "What is the chief's favorite color?"
The poor man quit because he realized that if he did such a good job cleaning one wing of the house, the rich man would expect him to clean the entire house for the same salary.
The man died of thirst and used the rock to support his head while he died.
The woman found a powder inside the envelope and when she opened it, the powder got on her hands and dyed them.
The man had poor eyesight and did not see the gun the bartender was pointing at him.
The man's horse died during the night and he had to stay in town an extra day to bury it.
The woman came home to find her husband in bed with another woman. In a rage, she killed him and then spaghetti was thrown at the wall in the ensuing scuffle.
The man was a hologram.
The queen's actions violated the sanctity of the chapel, and the priests were duty-bound to leave.
The leader was old and sick, so his death was not unexpected.
The men were Eskimos who had gone outside to relieve themselves, and died because they did not realize that they had left the safety of their igloo.
The man is a hallucinating.
The man is a widower and remarries the women he was previously married to.
Joe is the man in the mask.
Johnny was watching a horror movie and the man in the mask was the antagonist.
The man with the mask is a robber and the other man is running away from him.
The man in the mask is a referee and the other man is a player who is running towards him to avoid being caught offside.
The race was for second place.
The woman was hit in the head with a rock.
The man had a toothache.
The man jumped out of the window to commit suicide, but when he heard the telephone ring, he realized that he still had something to live for.
The man was trying to commit suicide, but when he heard the phone ring, he realized that someone cared about him and he regretted his decision.
The race was actually held in the country of France, which is located on the continent of Europe.  The reporter assumed that since Jacques Dubois is French, the race must have been held in France.
The ship was used in the filming of the Titanic and was intentionally sunk as part of the movie.
The man had a heart attack.
The man was playing Russian Roulette.
The children are being shot for their organs. The man is trying to stop the crying so that the child's death will be less painful.
Harry's coffee was cold.
The man was an astronaut. His suit tearing meant that he was exposed to the vacuum of space, and he died from decompression.
The train was a decoy meant to distract the passengers while another train carrying explosives drove by.
The Orient Express was derailed by a kitten playing on the tracks.
The umbrella is inside out.
The woman is swimming.
Amy drove her car in a circle.
The vet simply took the goldfish out of the bowl and put it back in again.
The string was long enough that Billy could reach it and take it off whenever he wanted.
The book was a library book and the woman had just returned it.
It is because the blood vessels that supply the hair follicles in the moustache area are protected from the aging effects of hormones by the bones of the upper jaw.
The first naturalist was talking about the other's skill in using a gun, and the second was talking about the other's skill in using a camera.
The cup had no bottom, so when he lifted it to drink, the tea fell out and into his eyes.
The man was an astronaut on a spacewalk. He was slowly counting the number of turns he made with his air tank valve, but he miscounted and ran out of air. The sharp pain in his back was from the pressure of his suit as it began to collapse.
John was watching a rerun of the midnight news. The weather forecast was for the following day, not the current day.
Billy is a goat.
The blind beggar was the brother who died.
The truck driver was going the wrong way down a one-way street because it was rush hour and the police officer knew that the truck driver would soon be going the right way down the one-way street.
The man and the pilot were both skydiving.
The godmother tackled the priest because she saw a fly going into his eye, and she was trying to save him from the fly.
The man can place the planks side-by-side on two of the stepping stones. He can then walk across the planks to the third stepping stone, pick up the planks, and repeat the process to get to the island.
The two sportsmen were a father and his son. The father left first, and the son left one hour later. The son caught up to his father because the father had stopped to rest for fifteen minutes. The distance from A to B was 3 miles.
The detective was on the International Space Station.
