He suggested that they throw rice.
He manufactures lie detectors.
The soccer ball was used as a doorstop. The dried peas were there to weigh it down. The man had hiccups and the bartender decided to scare him in order to get rid of the hiccups.
The man was the little girl's father. The mother wanted to test her daughter's reaction to bad news in order to see if she would be able to handle it if something bad happened to her father.
Tom was hired as a lifeguard.
The stranger was a parking meter attendant who had observed her putting money into the meter. He followed her in order to give her a ticket for expired parking.
The robber was the patient's husband. He knew that his wife kept her savings in $100 bills, so he robbed the bank messenger in order to get the money to pay for his wife's operation.
The banker was being held for ransom. The kidnapper demanded a large sum of money be deposited into a specific bank account. The messenger was sent to deliver the ransom note to the banker's wife.
The bungling employee was a worker in a teabag factory. The ruined batch of tea was actually a new and improved method of manufacturing tea bags, which the employer was very pleased with.
The employee was rewarded for accidentally ruining a batch of paper, as the company was able to sell it as "authentic antique parchment."
He was a farmer and he hired the seven men to work for him for one day. The next day he only had six men working for him because one of them died overnight.
Each employee had to work every other day and they had different days off. The man at the garage directed Chuck to Milligan because he was the only person in the village who could drive him to Dublin.
The woman was a prostitute and the man had been robbed and left in the alley. The shock came when he realized that his penis had been surgically removed.
The woman had been cleaning houses all day and was exhausted. When she got home, she found her husband in bed with another woman.
The expert sailor was killed by the mast of his boat which fell and hit him on the head.
The workmen had been drinking rum laced with rat poison.
The cask contained a snake. The snake bit the man, and he died. The man then used the match to light a fire and burn the snake.
The man had a severe cut on his finger which he put into water to clean. The water pressure caused the cut to disappear.
He was at a concert and was clapping along with the music. When the music stopped, he realized that he had been clapping along with the music and that his hands were wet from the water he had been holding.
The woman was a drug dealer and the vet had found drugs in the dog's system. The vet called the police and the woman was arrested.
Joe was at a movie with Tom. Tom shot Joe during a quiet scene. The police released Tom because Joe was a guard dog and the vet found no evidence of poison or gas.
The man had just found out his wife was cheating on him with the man who sold him the car.
The man was trying to avoid being hit by a car. He knew that if he stepped out in front of the motorcycle, the motorcycle would hit him and he would be injured, but he would not be killed.
The man was a stuntman. He was rehearsing a scene for a movie where his character is hit by a motorcycle and killed.
The man who shot him was the lifeguard at the swimming pool. The man who was shot had been swimming in the pool and was wet. The lifeguard thought he was a burglar.
The van that drowned had its windows open; the other van's windows were closed.
The man was in a dark room because he was in a movie theater. He switched on the light because the movie had ended and the lights were off.
The house was on fire and he realized he was the only one left in the house.
The man woke up to a news flash that a plane had crashed, killing all passengers onboard. He realized that his wife had been on the plane and killed herself out of grief.
The man was a doctor, and the blanket was full of money. He was carrying it to pay for a patient's surgery.
The man was a serial killer. The woman gave him food that made him die because it was poisoned.
