The man was killed by a large bird that flew in through the window and knocked the chandelier onto him.
Yes. The man saw the window and realized that he was about to be hit by a ray of sunlight. He then said "Thank you" and left the bar.
The man was a doctor and was wearing a latex glove. He took it off to push the button so as not to contaminate it and put it back on to avoid contaminating himself.
The woman was a robot, and did not have the capacity to feel shock or horror.
The one who agreed to the test is the true heir, because the one who refused would have known that he would fail the test (since he is not the true heir).
The little boy outside was shooting at a can with a BB gun, and the man inside was killed by a ricochet.
The man is cringing with embarrassment because he realized that he had been reciting a nursery rhyme to the couple's one-year-old daughter that he had heard before, but couldn't remember the ending to.
The baby was born on Sunday.
Kerry was born first, so he gets to cut the cake. Terry gets to choose which piece he wants.
The wife put the letter in the envelope upside down so that when her husband opened the envelope, he would have to turn the letter over to read it.
The letter was written by the husband to his wife. It said "I am having an affair with your sister and I want a divorce." He put the letter in an envelope, sealed it, and then put it in his pocket. He died before he had a chance to give it to her.
Luggage is generally only used for going on trips, so it doesn't make sense to buy something you'll only use once. It's much cheaper to rent a suitcase for each trip.
At least 106 matches must be played.
The man had a fear of fire. By placing the key in cold water every night, he ensured that the key would be cool to the touch in the event of a fire, and he would be able to open the door and escape.
He was making a bomb, and set the timer to go off in 3000 miles (4800 kilometers) per hour.
The man was a teetotaler.
The man was a mime.
The man was a car salesman who was facing a very slow sales month. He decided to bury the cars in the desert and then have a "new car sale" where he offered "new" cars at very low prices.
The building was a hospital and was demolished to make way for a new wing of the hospital.
The man was a bank robber. He needed to divide the cheque into217 pieces so that each piece could be used as a key to open one of the217 safety deposit boxes in the bank.
The place was the North Pole.
They are all animals that are either born blind or born without eyes.
The program was supposed to last exactly 16 minutes. However, due to a clerical error, the official announced the wrong time.
The state changed the regulation on how long a yellow light should last. This caused an increase in traffic accidents, and in turn, an increase in business for local body shops, many of which also sold sex toys and other adult items.
The change in regulations was the introduction of zip codes. The criminal was eventually caught because he forgot to include the new zip code on one of his invoices.
The man was jet-lagged and got up in the middle of the night thinking it was morning. Opening the drapes helped him to realize his mistake and he was able to fall back asleep.
The man was a sleepwalker. The drapes were for sale, but the official refused to sell them to the man because he did not want the man to walk into them and hurt himself. The man was glad because he would have probably walked into the drapes and hurt himself if he had bought them.
The man called a phone-in psychic service, and the free T-shirt was part of the promotion.
The man ordered a T-shirt from an online store. When the T-shirt arrived, it had the words "You are under arrest" printed on it.
The security van was stolen from a bank parking lot. The gang had planned to take the van to a location where they could transfer the money to their own vehicle, but they were unable to start the van.
The fourth person was a counterfeiter and the three others were government agents.
