The room is the ballroom of an ocean liner which sank some time ago.  The man ran out of air while diving in the wreck.
the rays are manta rays (this version tends to make people assume vampires are involved, unless they notice the awkwardness of the phrase involving rays).
The man was blind. Elevators use buttons that work electrically through the skin. The button is activated at the slightest touch, making the elevator to run. He got into the elevator on his first day, wearing gloves. Therefore, men must remove gloves to make the buttons work. But on the first day he found that when he found the tenth floor with his ungloved hand stroking the buttons, all the buttons were activated and the elevator stopped on all floors. So since then, he has carried gloves with him. When he entered the elevator, he put it on, found the right button with his gloved hand, and pressed the button on the tenth floor with his ungloved hand.
The husband killed himself a while ago; it's his ashes in an urn on the mantelpiece that the wife looks at.
The proposed test was a blood test.  Knowing that blood typing isn't very accurate, the impostor felt it was worth to try.  But the true heir was a hemophiliac and couldn't give blood for the test.
The man is a glassblower.  His old age has brought about a decline in his vision, so he must use shorter pipes to blow glass.  He gets the hiccups, accidentally inhales some hot vapors / molten glass and burns his mouth and throat area.
The man was struck by an object thrown from the roof of the Empire State Building.
The man was a paleontologist working with the Archaeological Research Institute.  He was reviving a triceratops frozen in the ice age when it came to life and killed him.
His home is a houseboat and he has run out of water while on an extended cruise.
His home is a houseboat and he has run out of water while on an extended cruise.
A poor peasant from somewhere in Europe wants desperately to get to the U.S.  Not having money for airfare, he stows away in the landing gear compartment of a jet.  He dies of hypothermia in mid-flight, and falls out when the landing gear compartment opens as the plane makes its final approach.
He's scuba diving when a firefighting plane lands nearby and fills its tanks with water, sucking him in with the water.  He runs out of air while the plane is in flight; the plane then dumps its load of water, with him in it, onto a burning forest.
A large man comes home to the penthouse apartment he shares with his beautiful young wife, taking the elevator up from the ground floor. He sees signs of lovemaking in the bedroom, and assumes that his wife is having an affair; her beau has presumably escaped down the stairs.  The husband looks out the French windows and sees a good-looking man just leaving the main entrance of the building.  The husband pushes the refrigerator out through the window onto the young man below.  The husband dies of a heart attack from overexertion; the innocent young man below dies from having a refrigerator fall on him; and the wife's boyfriend, who was hiding inside the refrigerator, also dies from the fall.
A young boy is going out to play one afternoon and on his way out he stops off in the garage to check for an ice cream bar in the large chest freezer the family keeps there.  The freezer is new and almost empty as yet, so the boy has to prop himself up on the edge to reach into the bottom to find the ice cream.  He loses his balance and falls into the freezer, with the lid latching shut over him.  Right about then, his older brother arrives home from high school and asks his mom if they have any popsicles in the freezer.  She says no, but she bought some chocolate ice cream that day and he can have some of that if he wishes.  He decides he is not in the mood for chocolate ice cream and goes up to his room to listen to some music.  His brother suffocates.
It's the man's fiftieth birthday, and in celebration of this he plans to kill his wife, then take the money he's embezzled and move on to a new life in another state.  His wife takes him out to dinner; afterward, on their front step, he kills her.  He opens the door, dragging her body in with him, and all the lights suddenly turn on and a group of his friends shout "Surprise!"  He kills himself.
A man was shot during a robbery in his store one night.  He staggered into the back room, where the telephone was, and called home, dialing by feel since he hadn't turned on the light.  Once the call went through he gasped, "I'm at the store.  I've been shot.  Help!" or words to that effect.  He set the phone down to await help, but none came; he'd treated the telephone pushbuttons like cash register numbers, when the arrangements of the numbers are upside down reflections of each other.  The stranger he'd dialed had no way to know where "the store" was.
The dead man was playing Santa Claus, for whatever reason; he slipped while coming down the chimney and broke his neck.
The man was a famous artist.  A woman who collected autographs saw him dining; after he left the restaurant, she purchased the check that he used to pay for the meal from the restaurant manager.  The check was therefore never cashed, so the artist never paid for the meal.
The sailor grabbed the fire hose from the deck and used the force of the water from the hose to push the mine away from the hull of the ship.  The water pressure doesn't explode the mine; WWII-style mines contain magnetic sensors which make them explode on contact with a ship's hull.
It's the middle of the night.  The man goes outside to get something from his car, but as the parking lot is set apart from the building, he forgets which room he was in.  His wife is deaf, so he honks the car horn loudly, waking up everyone else in the motel.  The other residents all get up and turn on their room lights; the man then returns to the one dark room.
There's a car wash on that corner.  On rainy days, the rain reduces traction.  On sunny days, water from the car wash has the same effect.  If rain is threatening, though, the car wash gets little business and thus doesn't make the road wet, so I can take the corner faster.
The man opens his mouth; some killer bees (which tend to prefer attacking darker areas) fly inside and sting him; the swelling of his throat asphyxiates him.
The movie is at a drive-in theatre.
The woman is a tightrope walker in a circus.  Her act consists of walking the rope blindfolded, accompanied by music, without a net.  The musician (organist, or calliopist, or pianist, or whatever) is supposed to stop playing when she reaches the end of the rope, telling her that it's safe to step off onto the platform.  For unknown reasons (but with murderous intent), he stops the music early, and she steps off the rope to her death.
The woman is a trapeze artist who times her act (from starting time to time to jump for another trapeze) by the music.  The organist changes tempo or stops the music too soon, and the trapeze artist falls to her death.
Charlie was an insect sitting on a chair; the music playing was for the game Musical Chairs.
Abel is a prince of the island nation that he landed on.  A cruel and warlike prince, he waged many land and naval battles along with his father the king.  In one naval encounter, their ship sank, the king died, and the prince swam to a deserted island where he spent several months building a raft or small boat.  In the meantime, a regent was appointed to the island nation, and he brought peace and prosperity.  When Prince Abel returned to his kingdom, Cain (a native fisherman) realized that the peace of the land would only be maintained if Abel did not reascend to his throne, and killed the prince (with a piece of driftwood or some other impromptu weapon).
Several men were shipwrecked together.  They agreed to survive by eating each other a piece at a time.  Each of them in turn gave up an arm, but before they got to the last man, they were rescued.  They all demanded that the last man live up to his end of the deal.  Instead, he killed a bum and sent the bum's arm to the others in a box to "prove" that he had fulfilled the bargain.  Later, one of them sees him on the subway, holding onto an overhead ring with the arm he supposedly cut off; the other realizes that the last man cheated, and kills him.
Several men were shipwrecked together.  They agreed to survive by eating each other a piece at a time.  Each of them in turn gave up an arm, but before they got to the last man, they were rescued.  They all demanded that the last man live up to his end of the deal.  Instead, he killed a bum and sent the bum's arm to the others in a box to "prove" that he had fulfilled the bargain.  Later, one of them sees him on the subway, holding onto an overhead ring with the arm he supposedly cut off; the other realizes that the last man cheated, and kills him.
Exactly the same situation as in #1.61a (one slight variation has a hand in the box instead of a whole arm), with the two men being two of the fellow passengers who had already lost their arms.
He is wearing the cape to disguise the fact that he hasn't really cut off his arm as required.
He is a mail courier who delivers packages to the different foreign embassies in the United States.  The land of an embassy belongs to the country of the embassy, not to the United States.
He is in a hotel, and is unable to sleep because the man in the adjacent room is snoring.  He calls the room next door .  The snorer wakes up, answers the phone.  So he hangs up without saying anything and goes to sleep before the snorer gets back to sleep and starts snoring again.
The man's sleeping snoring affected the neighbors in the next house. So the neighbor called to interrupt the man's snoring and continue sleeping.
The pharmacist gives the man a cup of coffee to drink while he's waiting.  After the man has drunk the coffee, the pharmacist says, "There was poison in that coffee.  I'll give you the antidote if you write a signed statement that you were planning to kill your wife.  I'll keep the confession; if anything happens to your wife, I'll give it to the police."
The young man shook his foot to remove the stone and leaned against a metal light pole. Another guy came over and thought the first guy had been electrified. So the second guy rushed over and punched the first man's arm hard.
He's riding motorcycle, and he crashes and dies.
He stabbed himself with an icicle.
He stood on a block of ice to hang himself.
He stood on a block of dry ice to hang himself.
Mr. H meets Mr. X in a hotel bar. Mr. X is a hypnotist. Mr. H claims he can't be hypnotized. A heated discussion ensues.After, Mr. X hypnotizes Mr. H to commit the crime. Before he actually commits the crime, Mr. X has a heart attack, he punches Mr. H in an attempt to stop commit.
One man is a hypnotist. He  hypnotizes another man commit the crime. Before he actually commits the crime, to stop commit, one draws a pistol and shoots the other.
He worked as a DJ at a radio station.  He decided to kill his wife, and so he put on a long record and quickly drove home and killed her, figuring he had a perfect alibi: he'd been at work.  On the way back he turns on his show, discover that the record is skipping.
He worked as a DJ at a radio station.  He decided to kill his wife, and so he put on a long tape and quickly drove home and killed her, figuring he had a perfect alibi: he'd been at work.  On the way back he turns on his show, discover that the tape is breaking.
A man is listening to a radio show and providing the bedroom phone number as the number he needs to call, and when he connected, he heard a man's voice. But at this time, only his wife is at home, which means that his wife is cheating.
They were skydiving.  He broke his arm as he jumped from the plane by hitting it on the plane door.The ring is the engagement ring that he gave her. She's calling off the engagement.
The boat was moving along a river in India when a large snake dropped onto the deck.  The passengers all rushed to the other side of the boat, thereby overturning it.
The woman is a nun, the room is a bathroom in what is supposed to be a women-only area, and the toilet seat has been lift up which means that there are men who have come.
A blind man enjoys walking near a cliff, and uses the sound of a buoy to gauge his distance from the edge.  One day the buoy's anchor rope breaks, allowing the buoy to drift away from the shore, and the man walks over the edge of the cliff.
A blind swimmer sets an alarm clock to tell him when and what direction to go to shore.  The first bell is a buoy, which he mistakenly swims to, getting tired and drowning.  Then the alarm clock goes off.
Out of mischief, the boy climbed onto the roof of the man's house and placed a plank of wood over the chimney. The man, who had been asleep in his parlor, was suffocated by fumes from his fire.
The man recites the nursery rhyme "This little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed home ..." while wiggling each of the baby's toes. He finds that the baby has six toes on one foot.
At the time she went into labor, the twins' mother was travelling from Guam to Hawaii. The older twin, Terry, was born on March 1st. Shortly afterwards, the mother crossed the International Date Line and Kerry, the younger twin, was born. The date was February 28th. In leap years,  February 28 is two days before March 1st.
Pick one person, A. Ask A to cut a piece of the cake that he would be happy with as his share. Then go round.
There is usually a small gap at the top of the envelope where the flap has been folded over. The wife inserted a knitting needle through the gap and under the fold of the letter. By rotating the needle she wound the letter tightly around it. She then removed it, read the letter, and replaced it using the actions in reverse.
The men were sailors, who were often flogged for minor offenses on board ship. Some captains refused to whip a man's back if it carried the image of Christ.
Pat was a Westerner in Tokyo. Houses there are small and, in order to save space, people tend to rent any large item which they might use only occasionally. Most Japanese rent the suitcases they take on holiday.
The number of the matches is 212.  Each match must produce one winner and one loser. Everyone loses exactly once, so the number of matches is exactly the same as the number of losers.
The man's wife was an habitual sleepwalker, She had previously opened the front door in her sleep and walked out into the road. He placed the key in the bucket of cold water so that, if she reached into the water to get it, the cold sensation would waken her.
Harry broke a pane of glass. A crack in glass starts in one place and travels across the glass at a speed of over 3000 miles (4800 kilometres) per hour.
The man was a priest conducting a communion service in a nearby church when they ran short of altar wine. Only red wine would do.
The man had a nasty toothache and he went to the dentist at 5 p.m. on a Friday evening. The dentist's assistants, including the anesthetist, had all gone and the dentist could not administer an anesthetic. The man insisted that the dentist should operate even without anesthetic so the dentist said that he would have to strap the man into the chair. This was done. The dentist then suffered a heart attack and died. The poor man was left strapped in the chair and unable to move. It was a holiday weekend and no staff reported for work until 9 a.m. on the following Tuesday morning88 hours later.
This incident reputedly occurred during the war between Israel and Egypt. Because of import duties, Mercedes cars
The building was the Australian National Mint. Over many years, so much gold dust had been absorbed into the fabric of the building that it was well worthwhile to demolish the building, extract the gold, and rebuild.
The man had ordered a bicycle for his son as a gift. The advertisement had not stated that it came in 217 pieces as a self-assembly kit. This was his revenge.
Since the weather report did not specify degrees in Fahrenheit or Celsius/centigrade, the temperature must have been the same in both scales. Only a temperature of -40 degrees is the same in both Fahrenheit and Celsius/ centigrade. That temperature for June would certainly make the place Antarctica.
They are all impostors:
It was a program of contemporary classical music played from a record. The record was played at the wrong I speed5 rpm instead of 33 rpm. Because of the esoteric nature of the composition, this mistake was not noticed until the end of the transmission. It can easily be calculated that the program should have lasted thirty minutes.
A new traffic regulation, designed to encourage car sharing, stated that only cars carrying two or more passengers could use certain lanes of the freeway. This led to motorists buying blow-up dolls to give the appearance that they were carrying passengers!
The criminal sent an invoice to a blind man who had recently died. His widow immediately knew that it must be a scam.
The man was deaf. He had to get up early for an important meeting and he was so worried about oversleeping that he could not get to sleep. After opening the curtains, however, he knew that the sunlight would wake him up, so he was no longer worried and fell asleep easily.
The man wanted to buy a first-class ticket on the maiden voyage of the luxury liner Titanic in 1912. He was refused because he was black. The Titanic sank with great loss of life.
This is a true story from Connecticut. The advertisement was a trap for people who used illegal devices to tap into cable television circuits without paying. It was placed by the owners of the cable television network and could be seen only by people using illegal decoders.The "free T-shirt was soon followed by a letter informing them that they were committing a federal crime and imposing a $2000 fine. The recipients had little choice but to pay up.
The bank was on the sixth floor of a tall building. The staff member who struggled free pressed a security button which froze all the elevators. The gang was trapped inside the elevator until the police came to arrest them.
The robbers discovered to their horror that the currency consisted only of freshly minted coins. All shops and banks were alerted to watch out for anyone trying to exchange large amounts of coin, so the gang was reduced to playing slot machines!
They had been trying to solve a lateral thinking problem this one in fact. When the one posing the problem re- 92
