The room is the ballroom of an ocean liner which sank some time ago.  The man ran out of air while diving in the wreck.
the rays are manta rays (this version tends to make people assume vampires are involved, unless they notice the awkwardness of the phrase involving rays).
The man was blind. Elevators use buttons that work electrically through the skin. The button is activated at the slightest touch, making the elevator to run. He got into the elevator on his first day, wearing gloves. Therefore, men must remove gloves to make the buttons work. But on the first day he found that when he found the tenth floor with his ungloved hand stroking the buttons, all the buttons were activated and the elevator stopped on all floors. So since then, he has carried gloves with him. When he entered the elevator, he put it on, found the right button with his gloved hand, and pressed the button on the tenth floor with his ungloved hand.
The husband killed himself a while ago; it's his ashes in an urn on the mantelpiece that the wife looks at.
The proposed test was a blood test.  Knowing that blood typing isn't very accurate, the impostor felt it was worth to try.  But the true heir was a hemophiliac and couldn't give blood for the test.
Out of mischief, the boy climbed onto the roof of the man's house and placed a plank of wood over the chimney. The man, who had been asleep in his parlor, was suffocated by fumes from his fire.
The man recites the nursery rhyme "This little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed home ..." while wiggling each of the baby's toes. He finds that the baby has six toes on one foot.
At the time she went into labor, the twins' mother was travelling from Guam to Hawaii. The older twin, Terry, was born on March 1st. Shortly afterwards, the mother crossed the International Date Line and Kerry, the younger twin, was born. The date was February 28th. In leap years,  February 28 is two days before March 1st.
Pick one person, A. Ask A to cut a piece of the cake that he would be happy with as his share. Then go round.
There is usually a small gap at the top of the envelope where the flap has been folded over. The wife inserted a knitting needle through the gap and under the fold of the letter. By rotating the needle she wound the letter tightly around it. She then removed it, read the letter, and replaced it using the actions in reverse.
The men were sailors, who were often flogged for minor offenses on board ship. Some captains refused to whip a man's back if it carried the image of Christ.
Pat was a Westerner in Tokyo. Houses there are small and, in order to save space, people tend to rent any large item which they might use only occasionally. Most Japanese rent the suitcases they take on holiday.
The number of the matches is 212.  Each match must produce one winner and one loser. Everyone loses exactly once, so the number of matches is exactly the same as the number of losers.
The man's wife was an habitual sleepwalker, She had previously opened the front door in her sleep and walked out into the road. He placed the key in the bucket of cold water so that, if she reached into the water to get it, the cold sensation would waken her.
Harry broke a pane of glass. A crack in glass starts in one place and travels across the glass at a speed of over 3000 miles (4800 kilometres) per hour.
The man was a priest conducting a communion service in a nearby church when they ran short of altar wine. Only red wine would do.
The man had a nasty toothache and he went to the dentist at 5 p.m. on a Friday evening. The dentist's assistants, including the anesthetist, had all gone and the dentist could not administer an anesthetic. The man insisted that the dentist should operate even without anesthetic so the dentist said that he would have to strap the man into the chair. This was done. The dentist then suffered a heart attack and died. The poor man was left strapped in the chair and unable to move. It was a holiday weekend and no staff reported for work until 9 a.m. on the following Tuesday morning88 hours later.
This incident reputedly occurred during the war between Israel and Egypt. Because of import duties, Mercedes cars
The building was the Australian National Mint. Over many years, so much gold dust had been absorbed into the fabric of the building that it was well worthwhile to demolish the building, extract the gold, and rebuild.
The man had ordered a bicycle for his son as a gift. The advertisement had not stated that it came in 217 pieces as a self-assembly kit. This was his revenge.
Since the weather report did not specify degrees in Fahrenheit or Celsius/centigrade, the temperature must have been the same in both scales. Only a temperature of -40 degrees is the same in both Fahrenheit and Celsius/ centigrade. That temperature for June would certainly make the place Antarctica.
They are all impostors:
It was a program of contemporary classical music played from a record. The record was played at the wrong I speed5 rpm instead of 33 rpm. Because of the esoteric nature of the composition, this mistake was not noticed until the end of the transmission. It can easily be calculated that the program should have lasted thirty minutes.
A new traffic regulation, designed to encourage car sharing, stated that only cars carrying two or more passengers could use certain lanes of the freeway. This led to motorists buying blow-up dolls to give the appearance that they were carrying passengers!
The criminal sent an invoice to a blind man who had recently died. His widow immediately knew that it must be a scam.
The man was deaf. He had to get up early for an important meeting and he was so worried about oversleeping that he could not get to sleep. After opening the curtains, however, he knew that the sunlight would wake him up, so he was no longer worried and fell asleep easily.
The man wanted to buy a first-class ticket on the maiden voyage of the luxury liner Titanic in 1912. He was refused because he was black. The Titanic sank with great loss of life.
This is a true story from Connecticut. The advertisement was a trap for people who used illegal devices to tap into cable television circuits without paying. It was placed by the owners of the cable television network and could be seen only by people using illegal decoders.The "free T-shirt was soon followed by a letter informing them that they were committing a federal crime and imposing a $2000 fine. The recipients had little choice but to pay up.
The bank was on the sixth floor of a tall building. The staff member who struggled free pressed a security button which froze all the elevators. The gang was trapped inside the elevator until the police came to arrest them.
The robbers discovered to their horror that the currency consisted only of freshly minted coins. All shops and banks were alerted to watch out for anyone trying to exchange large amounts of coin, so the gang was reduced to playing slot machines!
They had been trying to solve a lateral thinking problem this one in fact. When the one posing the problem re- 92
