A blind swimmer kept a portable transistor radio on the beach to tell him when and what direction to go to shore.  when the batteries gave out  he got lost and drowned.
This allows red herrings involving the homonyms "boy" and "buoy" (in some pronunciations).  Only use this wording if you want to intentionally confuse your audience.
Joe is a kid who goes trick-or-treating for Halloween.
The woman is the assistant to a (circus or sideshow) knife-thrower.  The new shoes have higher heels than she normally wears, so that the thrower misjudges his aim and one of his knives kills her during the show.
The husband is a knife-thrower; the woman is his assistant as well as his wife.  She sees him going into an optometrist's office and decides that if he's having trouble with his eyes she doesn't want him throwing knives at her.
The sisters are Siamese twins.
They are Siamese twins.  In the original story, the argument started when one complained about the other's bad hygiene and bad breath. The shooter bled to death  by the time the police arrived.
Hans and Fritz do everything right up until they're filling out a personal-information form and have to write down their birthdays. Fritz' birthday is, say, July 7, so he writes down 7/7/15.  Hans, however, was born on, say, June 20, so he writes down 20/6/18 instead of what an American would write, 6/20/18.  Note that this is only a problem because they *claim* to be returning Americans; there are lots of other nations which use the same date ordering.
The gate is the starting gate of a horse race.  The man is a jockey who fell off his horse shortly after it left the gate and got run over by the rest of the horses.  The stick is his riding crop.
The man died from eating a poisoned popsicle.
The woman gave birth, and bled to death.  Since the father has never seen the baby before, the kid can technically be called a stranger.
One of the dead people is a woman; the other is the baby she's just given birth to.  She died in childbirth.
She was on a motorcycle, and her long hair got caught on the car's antenna.  It ripped out part of her scalp and she bled to death. Andreas says this is also based on an actual accident.
The setting is America during WWII.  Greg is a German spy. His "friend" Tim is suspicious, so he plays a word-association game with him. When Tim says "The land of the free," Greg responds with "The home of the brave."  Then Tim says "The terror of flight," and Greg says "The gloom of the grave."  Any U.S. citizen knows the first verse of the national anthem, but only a spy would have memorized the third verse.  (Why Tim knew the third verse is left as an exercise to the reader.)
The object she throws is a boomerang.  It flies out, loops around, and comes back and hits her in the head, killing her.
The dead man was the driver in a hit-and-run accident which paralyzed its victim.  The victim did manage to get the license plate number of the car; now in a wheelchair, he eventually tracked down the driver and shot and killed him.
The dead man was the driver in a hit-and-run accident which paralyzed its victim.  The victim did manage to get the license plate number of the car; now in a wheelchair he eventually tracked down the driver and shot and killed him.
The man used to be blind; he's now returning from an eye operation which restored his sight.  He's spent all his money on the operation, so when the train (which has no internal lighting) goes through a tunnel he at first thinks he's gone blind again and almost decides to kill himself.  Fortunately, the light of the cigarettes people are smoking convinces him that he can still see.
The man (a successful artist) has had an accident in which he injured his eyes.  His head is bandaged and he has been warned not to remove the bandages under any circumstances lest the condition be irreversibly aggravated.  He catches the train home from the hospital and cannot resist peeking.  Seeing nothing at all (the same train-in-tunnel situation as above obtains, but without the glowing cigarettes this time), he assumes he is blinded and kills himself in grief.
The two men started at opposite ends of the trench, digging toward each other.  Instead of meeting up, though, they pass each other, meaning that one man dug at a skewed angle, or started at the wrong place. They call their supervisor, who tells them that one man was right and the other must re-dig his half in the right place.
One of them suffocated; the other lived by breathing the air from the spare tire in the trunk.
He urinated on the third rail in the New York subway, was knocked onto the tracks by the shock, and was hit by a train and killed.
The man is a lighthouse keeper.  He turns off the light in the lighthouse and during the night a ship crashes on the rocks.  Seeing this the next morning, the man realizes what he's done and commits suicide.
A man commits a heinous crime, claiming as his alibi that he was onboard a certain ship.  When he learns that (due to a lighthouse failure) the ship was wrecked without reaching port safely, he realizes that his alibi is disproven and commits suicide to avoid being sent to prison.
The man is a blind midget, the shortest one in the circus. Another midget, jealous because he's not as short, has been sawing small pieces off of the first one's cane every night, so that every day he thinks he's taller.  Since his only income is from being a circus midget, he decides to kill himself when he gets too tall.
The man is a blind midget, the shortest one in the circus. Another midget, jealous because he's not as short, has been sawing small pieces off of the first one's cane every night, so that every day he thinks he's taller.  Since his only income is from being a circus midget, he decides to kill himself when he gets too tall.But he found out that someone had sawed his crutches, so he chose to living.
A midget is jealous of the clown who walks on stilts. He saws partway through the stilts; the clown walks along and falls and dies when they break.
The two men were bungee jumpers.  They found a secluded wooden bridge and decided to bungee off of it.  One man jumped off after being tied to  the bridge, but at the nadir of his fall, the bridge gave out.  The man who jumped landed on the ground safely since he was fairly close to the earth, but the collapsing bridge fell on top of him.  The other man fell along with the bridge to his death.
He was a skywriter whose plane crashed into another plane.
He was a skywriter whose plane crashed into another plane.
"Q" sounds like "queue," suggesting she's standing in line rather than writing the letter Q.
A bunch of people are on an ocean voyage in a yacht.  One afternoon, they all decide to go swimming, so they put on swimsuits and dive off the side into the water.  Unfortunately, they forget to set up a ladder on the side of the boat, so there's no way for them to climb back in, and they drown.
He's born in room number 1972 of a hospital and dies in room number 1952.
It's a wolf pack; they've killed and eaten (most of) the man.
It's a game of Monopoly.
It's a game of Monopoly.
The "bicycles" are Bicycle playing cards; the man was cheating at cards, and when the extra card was found, he was killed by the other players.
The "bees" are Bee playing cards; the man was cheating at cards, and when the extra card was found, he was killed by the other players.
Someone saw the guy conceal a card, and proved the deck was defective by turning it up and pointing out the missing ace.
It's daytime; the sun is out.
It's daytime; the room is lit by a window.
Alice is a goldfish; Ted is a cat.
Romeo is a goldfish; Juliet is a cat.
Tom and Jean are both fish; it was a baseball, rather than a cat, that broke their tank.
The man was an amateur mechanic, the book is a Volkswagen service manual, the beetle is a car, and the pile of bricks is what the car fell off of.
It's the cabin of an airplane that crashed there because of the snowstorm.
It's the cabin of an airplane that crashed there because of the snowstorm.
It's the cabin of an airplane that crashed there because of the snowstorm.
The one who looks around sees his own reflection in the window (it's dark outside), but not his companion's.  Thus, he realizes the other is a vampire, and that he's going to be killed by him.
