The cleric suggested that people throw colored bird seed.
He made the candles that go on birthday cakes.
The dried peas are inside soccer balls for the use of blind people, to enable them to hear the ball.
This story reportedly concerns the youthful Shirley Temple. Her mother told her the lie that her pet dog had been killed in order to induce real sadness and tears for a movie scene which was about to be filmed.
Tom is an infant who is crown prince of his country. Tom's father, the king, has just died leaving a very inexperienced new head of state.
He had seen a man hide in the back of the woman's car as she paid at the gasoline station. He followed her to warn her and was pleased to see her pull into the police station.
The robber's mother was a widow who owed the bank $100,000. The bank had threatened to repossess her house so her son devised a plan. He forged $100,000 and she gave it to the bank messenger, who signed for it. The forgeries were good enough to fool the messenger but would never fool the bank so the son had to rob the messenger before he got back to the bank.
The inspector noticed that the man wrote with his left hand. He asked him to tie a knot. The man was lefthanded and tied a left-handed knot. The knots tied around the hands and feet of the victim were right-handed knots.
The employee discovered an important new product. He left out a primary ingredient in the batch of paper he was making. He was thus responsible for accidentally producing the first blotting paper!
He tied the letter inside a hollowed-out cricket ball (which is about the same size as a baseball). He then had it thrown from man to man with the men standing about 60 yards (55 metres) apart along the entire way.
All seven employees were very religious and they all had different Sabbaths. The Christian took off on Sunday, the Greek Monday, the Persian Tuesday, the Assyrian Wednesday, the Egyptian Thursday, the Arabian Muslim Friday, and the Jew Saturday.
Milligan stuffed animals. The man in the garage had heard that Milligan was a famous local taxidermist and thought that he ran some kind of taxi service!
He had a pain in his back and when he felt it he found a recently stitched incision. The woman was a lure for a crooked surgeon who removed healthy human organs and sold them to rich people needing organ transplants. On examination by X-ray the man found that one of his kidneys was gone!
The woman works at a teaching hospital as an orderly. It is her job to clean bodies and get them ready for student lectures. She collapses when she sees that the body awaiting her is the body of her brother, who had earlier died in an accident. She did not know that he had left his body to science.
He had been hit by a block of frozen toilet waste ejected by
When they finished the rum they broke open the cask to find a body inside. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, bodies were often shipped back to England from Jamaica this way. (British admiral Horatio Nelson's body I was reputedly brought home to England in a barrel of rum after the battle of Trafalgar.)
He and a number of other passengers were making a balloon trip in a desperate attempt to escape from a country. The balloon had to lose weight to stop it from crashing. He drew the short match and had to jump.
This incident took place in South America. The unfortunate man was camping by a river. When he put his hand in the river the blood attracted piranha fish, which removed his finger including the cut!
She was a circus tightrope walker. Her most daring act was to cross a high wire while blindfolded. The band played while she crossed and when the music stopped it was the signal that she had reached the end of the wire and could safely alight. Unfortunately, one day the conductor was taken ill at the last minute and the stand-in conductor, unaware of the importance of the timing, ended the music just a little too soon. She stepped off the wire to her death.
The vet found two human fingers in the dog's throat. They belonged to a burglar. The vet feared that the burglar was still in the house, afraid of the dog and hiding in a closet.
Tom and Joe were the stars of the movie. Tom shot Joe in a sequence in the movie. When Tom left he was mobbed by fans seeking his autograph.
A few minutes earlier, the man had been the driver in a fatal hit-and-run accident. He drove to the isolated area and made it look as though the car had been stolen and vandalized. He then phoned the police to report his car stolen.
The man was an examiner testing a motorcyclist. He instructed the motorcyclist to go round the block and then to do an emergency stop when the examiner stepped out from the sidewalk. Unfortunately, another motorcyclist of similar appearance came by first. Knowing nothing of the arrangement, he hit the examiner.
During a forest fire some months earlier, a fire-fighting plane had scooped up water from the lake to drop on the fire. The plane had accidentally picked up the unfortunate swimmer.
The man was a secret service agent who had recently killed several enemy agents. He entered a confessional in a church and confessed to the killings. However, he was under suspicion and had been followed. The man he confessed to was not a priest but an enemy agent who had seen him enter the church.
One man tried to open the front door of his van but could not because of the water pressure. The other man climbed into the back of the van, easily opened the sliding door, and thereby escaped.
The man is a lighthouse-keeper. He woke up in the darkness with a nagging feeling that he had forgotten something. He turned on the radio and heard a report that a ship had crashed onto rocks with great loss of life. He realized that it happened because he forgot to start the light that night.
The movie had been shown a week earlier. Susan had taped it then on her videocassette recorder to watch that evening.
The man was the leader of a religious cult. Believing that the world would end that night he had offered his followers the choice of taking poison or seeing the destruction of the world. Many, including his own children, had chosen taking poison and died.
He was an Indian brave who sent smoke signals alerting a war party to the approach of a cavalry troop.
The woman was Eve, who gave Adam the forbidden fruit from the tree in the Garden of Eden. By breaking God's instruction, Adam became mortal and died.
