There was a joker living in a nearby house. Each night, using his rifle and a silencer, he fired a bullet at the bell after the twelfth stroke.
The book is a telephone directory.
First the man took the duck across, then he came back and took the fox over. He left the fox on the far side of the river and returned with the duck. He then left the duck on the near side and took the com over. Then he returned and took the duck across.
The man tied the duck to the back of the boat with a rope. The duck swam along behind the boat as the man ferried the fox and corn over in turn.
He stretches a long rope from point A to point B.
Bill and Ben are laboratory rats. Bill has run through a certain maze many times and has learned to complete it quickly. When Ben is introduced to the course for the first time, it takes him ten times as long.
A duck grabbed the brick in its mouth and flew off with it!
The duck had a brick in its mouth !
The man had recently left his wife to live with his mistress. The angry wife had advertised the man's prized stamp collection for sale, so he quickly bought his own stamps to stop anyone else doing so.
The sheep kept coming to the road because they liked to eat the salt put on the road to stop it freezing.
Pete could play tennis with either hand but he was better as a left-hander. He started off playing right-handed but switched after the first set.
The fugitive leapt up and shouted, Fire, fire!" Pandemonium broke out and the audience all rushed for the exits. He easily escaped in the confusion.
The train was a roller-coaster. The banker had promised to take his nephew for a ride but hated the experience. He was relieved it was over.
The place is Venus, where a day is longer than a year.
The boy's grandmother was Queen Victoria. The boy sold the letter for five pounds sterling (over $20 in those days).
Two weeks later, when the couple returned from their honeymoon, the whole family sat down to watch the video of the wedding. They were horrified to see, caught on the camera, the groom going through his father-in-law's pockets and stealing his wallet.
The man was Picasso. The builder wisely decided that by building the extension he would be able to retain Picasso's rough sketch of the plans, which would be worth far more than the cost of the construction work.
They spread out and waded across the river, which was only six inches deep.
The woman had been shipwrecked. She found a pirate's treasure but was not rescued for seven years.
The patient is a boxer. The last thing he heard was the anesthetist counting 1, 2, 3, 4, and as he comes round he automatically tries to beat the count and resume the fight against his opponent.
