The native chief asked him, "What is the third baseman's name in the Abbot and Costello routine 'Who's on First'?"  The man, who had no idea, said "I don't know," the correct answer.  However, he was a major smartass, so if he had known the answer he would have pointed out that What was the *second* baseman's name.  The chief, being quite humorless, would have executed him on the spot.
The poor man is hired by Aladdin to clean his palace.  Aladdin only wants the man to clean part of the palace because he does not wish anyone to enter his bedroom, where he keeps the magic lamp.  The poor man meticulously scrubs the palace from head to toe, and rubs the magic lamp in the process.  The djinn appears; the poor man wishes for riches, and no longer needs the job.
The dead man is Superman; the rock is Green Kryptonite.
Should be done orally; the envelope is an envelope of dye, and she's dying some cloth, but it sounds like "opens an envelope and dies" if said out loud.
He was a referee who made a poor call.  He was burned to death by fans reflecting sunlight from their slick-covered game programs.
Friday is a horse.The town is near the north pole.  Night lasts six months.
Spaghetti was the name of her pet dog.  Her husband had it stuffed and mounted after it made a mess on his rug.
A chess game; knight takes pawn.
The two priests are playing chess; one of them just mated by moving his queen.
The black leader is a chess king, and the game was played in Africa.
The men have gone spelunking and have taken an Igloo brand cooler with them so they can have a picnic down in the caves.  They cleverly used dry ice to keep their beer cold, not realizing that as the dry ice sublimed (went from solid state to vapor state) it would push the lighter oxygen out of the cave and they would suffocate.
The "island" is a traffic island.
He's a priest; he is marrying them to other people, not to himself.
Joe is a bee; the man in the mask is a beekeeper.
Johnny is a bee; the man in the mask is a beekeeper.
A baseball game is going on.  The base-runner sees the catcher waiting at home plate with the ball, and so decides to stay at third base to avoid being tagged out.
A baseball game is going on.  The base-runner sees the catcher waiting at home plate with the ball, and so decides to stay at third base to avoid being tagged out.
Bruce is a horse.
in France, shortly after the fall of the Bastille, food shortages became a problem again.  A mob of people went to Versaille to petition the king to do something about the problem.  A small delegation was admitted to meet the king.  One woman, overcome with emotion, could only cry "Pain" (French for "bread") and faint.
The shopkeeper is a French baker.  An American tourist walks into the bakery, pauses to look up/remember the word for "bread" in French, which is spelled "pain."  The American says the word as if it were the English word "pain".  At first the shopkeeper does not understand what the American is saying.  When he does, he gets annoyed with the person's horrible pronunciation.
the man believes himself to be the last human on earth.  He doesn't want to live by himself, so he jumps, just before the telephone rings. There are still people alive.
the man believes himself to be the last human on earth.  He doesn't want to live by himself, so he jumps, just before the telephone rings. There are still people alive.
In European numbers, the comma is used the same way Americans use a decimal point.  The man thus (Americans would say) ran 19.475 km/hour, which is a pretty good speed at which to run a standard-length (42.195 km) marathon.
The Eagle landed in the Sea of Tranquility and will likely remain there for the foreseeable future.
The man is a heroin addict, and has contracted AIDS by using an infected needle.  In despair, he shoots himself up with an overdose, thereby committing suicide.
The man walks into a casino and goes to the craps table.  He bets all the money he owns, and shoots craps.  Since he is now broke, he becomes despondent and commits suicide.
Kids getting their pictures taken with Santa.The same basic gimmick of alternate meanings of the word "shoot."
It was instant coffee; no water had been added yet.
The man is an astronaut out on a space walk.It's a radiation suit. The suit was broken, causing him to die from radiation.
The train is a model train set.
The Orient Express is a model train which has been left running unattended.  The kitten has playfully derailed it.
The sun is shining; there's no rain.
It's easy to walk on a lake's surface when the lake is frozen.
She drove the car backward.
The vet could see that the goldfish was dying of old age so to spare the old lady's feelings he dashed out and bought a young but identical fish and disposed of the old one.
Little Billy, as his name suggests, was a goat who unfortunately ate his label, so no one knew where he was supposed to go!
She was returning an overdue library book.
The hair on a man's head is usually at least twenty years older than the hair in his moustache.
They were two golfers. In golf parlance, one had hit a "birdie (one under par) and the other an eagle (two under par).
He had left his teaspoon in his cup of tea. When he raised the cup to drink, the teaspoon handle poked him in the eye, temporarily blinding him.
The man was counting the pins as he removed them from a new shirt. Unfortunately, he missed one.
In 72 hours it would be midnight again, so it could not be "bright and sunny.,z
At the exact center of the earth it is impossible to look east or west but you could look north or south.
The blind beggar was the sister of her brother who died.
The truck driver was walking.
The plane is sitting on the ground at the airport in Denver, Colorado.
The priest's surplice had caught fire from one of the candles.
He lays the planks as shown in this diagram.
The two keen sportsmen started at their fitness club, one on the cycling machine and the other on the walking machine. After half an hour of indoor exercise they went for a run. The distance from A to B is 2 miles.
The final chime ended abruptly and without the reverberation of the other chimes.
