The room is the ballroom of an ocean liner which sank some time ago.  The man ran out of air while diving in the wreck.
The rays are manta rays, that kill the man.
The man was blind. Elevators use buttons that work electrically through the skin. The button is activated at the slightest touch, making the elevator to run. He got into the elevator on his first day, wearing gloves. Therefore, men must remove gloves to make the buttons work. But on the first day he found that when he found the tenth floor with his ungloved hand stroking the buttons, all the buttons were activated and the elevator stopped on all floors. So since then, he has carried gloves with him. When he entered the elevator, he put it on, found the right button with his gloved hand, and pressed the button on the tenth floor with his ungloved hand.
The husband killed himself a while ago; it's his ashes in an urn on the mantelpiece that the wife looks at.
The proposed test was a blood test.  Knowing that blood typing isn't very accurate, the impostor felt it was worth to try.  But the true heir was a hemophiliac and couldn't give blood for the test.
The man is a glassblower.  His old age has brought about a decline in his vision, so he must use shorter pipes to blow glass.  He gets the hiccups, accidentally inhales some hot vapors / molten glass and burns his mouth and throat area.
The man was struck by an object thrown from the roof of the Empire State Building.
The man was a paleontologist working with the Archaeological Research Institute.  He was reviving a triceratops frozen in the ice age when it came to life and killed him.
His home is a houseboat and he has run out of water while on an extended cruise.
His home is a houseboat and he has run out of water while on an extended cruise.
A poor peasant from somewhere in Europe wants desperately to get to the U.S.  Not having money for airfare, he stows away in the landing gear compartment of a jet.  He dies of hypothermia in mid-flight, and falls out when the landing gear compartment opens as the plane makes its final approach.
He's scuba diving when a firefighting plane lands nearby and fills its tanks with water, sucking him in with the water.  He runs out of air while the plane is in flight; the plane then dumps its load of water, with him in it, onto a burning forest.
A large man comes home to the penthouse apartment he shares with his beautiful young wife, taking the elevator up from the ground floor. He sees signs of lovemaking in the bedroom, and assumes that his wife is having an affair; her beau has presumably escaped down the stairs.  The husband looks out the French windows and sees a good-looking man just leaving the main entrance of the building.  The husband pushes the refrigerator out through the window onto the young man below.  The husband dies of a heart attack from overexertion; the innocent young man below dies from having a refrigerator fall on him; and the wife's boyfriend, who was hiding inside the refrigerator, also dies from the fall.
A young boy is going out to play one afternoon and on his way out he stops off in the garage to check for an ice cream bar in the large chest freezer the family keeps there.  The freezer is new and almost empty as yet, so the boy has to prop himself up on the edge to reach into the bottom to find the ice cream.  He loses his balance and falls into the freezer, with the lid latching shut over him.  Right about then, his older brother arrives home from high school and asks his mom if they have any popsicles in the freezer.  She says no, but she bought some chocolate ice cream that day and he can have some of that if he wishes.  He decides he is not in the mood for chocolate ice cream and goes up to his room to listen to some music.  His brother suffocates.
It's the man's fiftieth birthday, and in celebration of this he plans to kill his wife, then take the money he's embezzled and move on to a new life in another state.  His wife takes him out to dinner; afterward, on their front step, he kills her.  He opens the door, dragging her body in with him, and all the lights suddenly turn on and a group of his friends shout "Surprise!"  He kills himself.
A man was shot during a robbery in his store one night.  He staggered into the back room, where the telephone was, and called home, dialing by feel since he hadn't turned on the light.  Once the call went through he gasped, "I'm at the store.  I've been shot.  Help!" or words to that effect.  He set the phone down to await help, but none came; he'd treated the telephone pushbuttons like cash register numbers, when the arrangements of the numbers are upside down reflections of each other.  The stranger he'd dialed had no way to know where "the store" was.
The dead man was playing Santa Claus, for whatever reason; he slipped while coming down the chimney and broke his neck.
The man was a famous artist.  A woman who collected autographs saw him dining; after he left the restaurant, she purchased the check that he used to pay for the meal from the restaurant manager.  The check was therefore never cashed, so the artist never paid for the meal.
The sailor grabbed the fire hose from the deck and used the force of the water from the hose to push the mine away from the hull of the ship.  The water pressure doesn't explode the mine; WWII-style mines contain magnetic sensors which make them explode on contact with a ship's hull.
It's the middle of the night.  The man goes outside to get something from his car, but as the parking lot is set apart from the building, he forgets which room he was in.  His wife is deaf, so he honks the car horn loudly, waking up everyone else in the motel.  The other residents all get up and turn on their room lights; the man then returns to the one dark room.
There's a car wash on that corner.  On rainy days, the rain reduces traction.  On sunny days, water from the car wash has the same effect.  If rain is threatening, though, the car wash gets little business and thus doesn't make the road wet, so I can take the corner faster.
The man opens his mouth; some killer bees (which tend to prefer attacking darker areas) fly inside and sting him; the swelling of his throat asphyxiates him.
The movie is at a drive-in theatre.
The woman is a tightrope walker in a circus.  Her act consists of walking the rope blindfolded, accompanied by music, without a net.  The musician (organist, or calliopist, or pianist, or whatever) is supposed to stop playing when she reaches the end of the rope, telling her that it's safe to step off onto the platform.  For unknown reasons (but with murderous intent), he stops the music early, and she steps off the rope to her death.
The woman is a trapeze artist who times her act (from starting time to time to jump for another trapeze) by the music.  The organist changes tempo or stops the music too soon, and the trapeze artist falls to her death.
Charlie was an insect sitting on a chair; the music playing was for the game Musical Chairs.
Abel is a prince of the island nation that he landed on.  A cruel and warlike prince, he waged many land and naval battles along with his father the king.  In one naval encounter, their ship sank, the king died, and the prince swam to a deserted island where he spent several months building a raft or small boat.  In the meantime, a regent was appointed to the island nation, and he brought peace and prosperity.  When Prince Abel returned to his kingdom, Cain (a native fisherman) realized that the peace of the land would only be maintained if Abel did not reascend to his throne, and killed the prince (with a piece of driftwood or some other impromptu weapon).
Several men were shipwrecked together.  They agreed to survive by eating each other a piece at a time.  Each of them in turn gave up an arm, but before they got to the last man, they were rescued.  They all demanded that the last man live up to his end of the deal.  Instead, he killed a bum and sent the bum's arm to the others in a box to "prove" that he had fulfilled the bargain.  Later, one of them sees him on the subway, holding onto an overhead ring with the arm he supposedly cut off; the other realizes that the last man cheated, and kills him.
Several men were shipwrecked together.  They agreed to survive by eating each other a piece at a time.  Each of them in turn gave up an arm, but before they got to the last man, they were rescued.  They all demanded that the last man live up to his end of the deal.  Instead, he killed a bum and sent the bum's arm to the others in a box to "prove" that he had fulfilled the bargain.  Later, one of them sees him on the subway, holding onto an overhead ring with the arm he supposedly cut off; the other realizes that the last man cheated, and kills him.
Exactly the same situation as in #1.61a (one slight variation has a hand in the box instead of a whole arm), with the two men being two of the fellow passengers who had already lost their arms.
He is wearing the cape to disguise the fact that he hasn't really cut off his arm as required.
He is a mail courier who delivers packages to the different foreign embassies in the United States.  The land of an embassy belongs to the country of the embassy, not to the United States.
He is in a hotel, and is unable to sleep because the man in the adjacent room is snoring.  He calls the room next door .  The snorer wakes up, answers the phone.  So he hangs up without saying anything and goes to sleep before the snorer gets back to sleep and starts snoring again.
The man's sleeping snoring affected the neighbors in the next house. So the neighbor called to interrupt the man's snoring and continue sleeping.
The pharmacist gives the man a cup of coffee to drink while he's waiting.  After the man has drunk the coffee, the pharmacist says, "There was poison in that coffee.  I'll give you the antidote if you write a signed statement that you were planning to kill your wife.  I'll keep the confession; if anything happens to your wife, I'll give it to the police."
The young man shook his foot to remove the stone and leaned against a metal light pole. Another guy came over and thought the first guy had been electrified. So the second guy rushed over and punched the first man's arm hard.
He's riding motorcycle, and he crashes and dies.
He stabbed himself with an icicle.
He stood on a block of ice to hang himself.
He stood on a block of dry ice to hang himself.
Mr. H meets Mr. X in a hotel bar. Mr. X is a hypnotist. Mr. H claims he can't be hypnotized. A heated discussion ensues.After, Mr. X hypnotizes Mr. H to commit the crime. Before he actually commits the crime, Mr. X has a heart attack, he punches Mr. H in an attempt to stop commit.
One man is a hypnotist. He  hypnotizes another man commit the crime. Before he actually commits the crime, to stop commit, one draws a pistol and shoots the other.
He worked as a DJ at a radio station.  He decided to kill his wife, and so he put on a long record and quickly drove home and killed her, figuring he had a perfect alibi: he'd been at work.  On the way back he turns on his show, discover that the record is skipping.
He worked as a DJ at a radio station.  He decided to kill his wife, and so he put on a long tape and quickly drove home and killed her, figuring he had a perfect alibi: he'd been at work.  On the way back he turns on his show, discover that the tape is breaking.
A man is listening to a radio show and providing the bedroom phone number as the number he needs to call, and when he connected, he heard a man's voice. But at this time, only his wife is at home, which means that his wife is cheating.
They were skydiving.  He broke his arm as he jumped from the plane by hitting it on the plane door.The ring is the engagement ring that he gave her. She's calling off the engagement.
The boat was moving along a river in India when a large snake dropped onto the deck.  The passengers all rushed to the other side of the boat, thereby overturning it.
The woman is a nun, the room is a bathroom in what is supposed to be a women-only area, and the toilet seat has been lift up which means that there are men who have come.
A blind man enjoys walking near a cliff, and uses the sound of a buoy to gauge his distance from the edge.  One day the buoy's anchor rope breaks, allowing the buoy to drift away from the shore, and the man walks over the edge of the cliff.
A blind swimmer sets an alarm clock to tell him when and what direction to go to shore.  The first bell is a buoy, which he mistakenly swims to, getting tired and drowning.  Then the alarm clock goes off.
The sole survivor of a shipwreck reached a desert isle. Unfortunately, he was blind.  Luckily, there was a freshwater spring on the island, and he rigged the ship's bell (which had drifted to the island also) at the spring's location.  The bell rang in the wind, directing him to water.  When he was becalmed for a week, he could not find water again, and so he died of thirst.
