The vet could see that the goldfish was dying of old age so to spare the old lady's feelings he dashed out and bought a young but identical fish and disposed of the old one.
Little Billy, as his name suggests, was a goat who unfortunately ate his label, so no one knew where he was supposed to go!
She was returning an overdue library book.
The hair on a man's head is usually at least twenty years older than the hair in his moustache.
They were two golfers. In golf parlance, one had hit a "birdie (one under par) and the other an eagle (two under par).
He had left his teaspoon in his cup of tea. When he raised the cup to drink, the teaspoon handle poked him in the eye, temporarily blinding him.
In 72 hours it would be midnight again, so it could not be "bright and sunny.,z
At the exact center of the earth it is impossible to look east or west but you could look north or south.
The blind beggar was the sister of her brother who died.
The truck driver was walking.
The plane is sitting on the ground at the airport in Denver, Colorado.
The priest's surplice had caught fire from one of the candles.
The two keen sportsmen started at their fitness club, one on the cycling machine and the other on the walking machine. After half an hour of indoor exercise they went for a run. The distance from A to B is 2 miles.
The final chime ended abruptly and without the reverberation of the other chimes.
There was a joker living in a nearby house. Each night, using his rifle and a silencer, he fired a bullet at the bell after the twelfth stroke.
The book is a telephone directory.
Bill and Ben are laboratory rats. Bill has run through a certain maze many times and has learned to complete it quickly. When Ben is introduced to the course for the first time, it takes him ten times as long.
A duck grabbed the brick in its mouth and flew off with it!
The duck had a brick in its mouth !
The man had recently left his wife to live with his mistress. The angry wife had advertised the man's prized stamp collection for sale, so he quickly bought his own stamps to stop anyone else doing so.
The sheep kept coming to the road because they liked to eat the salt put on the road to stop it freezing.
Pete could play tennis with either hand but he was better as a left-hander. He started off playing right-handed but switched after the first set.
The fugitive leapt up and shouted, Fire, fire!" Pandemonium broke out and the audience all rushed for the exits. He easily escaped in the confusion.
The train was a roller-coaster. The banker had promised to take his nephew for a ride but hated the experience. He was relieved it was over.
The place is Venus, where a day is longer than a year.
The boy's grandmother was Queen Victoria. The boy sold the letter for five pounds sterling (over $20 in those days).
Two weeks later, when the couple returned from their honeymoon, the whole family sat down to watch the video of the wedding. They were horrified to see, caught on the camera, the groom going through his father-in-law's pockets and stealing his wallet.
The man was Picasso. The builder wisely decided that by building the extension he would be able to retain Picasso's rough sketch of the plans, which would be worth far more than the cost of the construction work.
They spread out and waded across the river, which was only six inches deep.
The woman had been shipwrecked. She found a pirate's treasure but was not rescued for seven years.
The patient is a boxer. The last thing he heard was the anesthetist counting 1, 2, 3, 4, and as he comes round he automatically tries to beat the count and resume the fight against his opponent.
The cleric suggested that people throw colored bird seed.
He made the candles that go on birthday cakes.
The dried peas are inside soccer balls for the use of blind people, to enable them to hear the ball.
This story reportedly concerns the youthful Shirley Temple. Her mother told her the lie that her pet dog had been killed in order to induce real sadness and tears for a movie scene which was about to be filmed.
Tom is an infant who is crown prince of his country. Tom's father, the king, has just died leaving a very inexperienced new head of state.
He had seen a man hide in the back of the woman's car as she paid at the gasoline station. He followed her to warn her and was pleased to see her pull into the police station.
The robber's mother was a widow who owed the bank $100,000. The bank had threatened to repossess her house so her son devised a plan. He forged $100,000 and she gave it to the bank messenger, who signed for it. The forgeries were good enough to fool the messenger but would never fool the bank so the son had to rob the messenger before he got back to the bank.
The inspector noticed that the man wrote with his left hand. He asked him to tie a knot. The man was lefthanded and tied a left-handed knot. The knots tied around the hands and feet of the victim were right-handed knots.
The employee discovered an important new product. He left out a primary ingredient in the batch of paper he was making. He was thus responsible for accidentally producing the first blotting paper!
He tied the letter inside a hollowed-out cricket ball (which is about the same size as a baseball). He then had it thrown from man to man with the men standing about 60 yards (55 metres) apart along the entire way.
All seven employees were very religious and they all had different Sabbaths. The Christian took off on Sunday, the Greek Monday, the Persian Tuesday, the Assyrian Wednesday, the Egyptian Thursday, the Arabian Muslim Friday, and the Jew Saturday.
Milligan stuffed animals. The man in the garage had heard that Milligan was a famous local taxidermist and thought that he ran some kind of taxi service!
He had a pain in his back and when he felt it he found a recently stitched incision. The woman was a lure for a crooked surgeon who removed healthy human organs and sold them to rich people needing organ transplants. On examination by X-ray the man found that one of his kidneys was gone!
The woman works at a teaching hospital as an orderly. It is her job to clean bodies and get them ready for student lectures. She collapses when she sees that the body awaiting her is the body of her brother, who had earlier died in an accident. She did not know that he had left his body to science.
He had been hit by a block of frozen toilet waste ejected by
When they finished the rum they broke open the cask to find a body inside. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, bodies were often shipped back to England from Jamaica this way. (British admiral Horatio Nelson's body I was reputedly brought home to England in a barrel of rum after the battle of Trafalgar.)
He and a number of other passengers were making a balloon trip in a desperate attempt to escape from a country. The balloon had to lose weight to stop it from crashing. He drew the short match and had to jump.
This incident took place in South America. The unfortunate man was camping by a river. When he put his hand in the river the blood attracted piranha fish, which removed his finger including the cut!
She was a circus tightrope walker. Her most daring act was to cross a high wire while blindfolded. The band played while she crossed and when the music stopped it was the signal that she had reached the end of the wire and could safely alight. Unfortunately, one day the conductor was taken ill at the last minute and the stand-in conductor, unaware of the importance of the timing, ended the music just a little too soon. She stepped off the wire to her death.
The vet found two human fingers in the dog's throat. They belonged to a burglar. The vet feared that the burglar was still in the house, afraid of the dog and hiding in a closet.
Tom and Joe were the stars of the movie. Tom shot Joe in a sequence in the movie. When Tom left he was mobbed by fans seeking his autograph.
A few minutes earlier, the man had been the driver in a fatal hit-and-run accident. He drove to the isolated area and made it look as though the car had been stolen and vandalized. He then phoned the police to report his car stolen.
The man was an examiner testing a motorcyclist. He instructed the motorcyclist to go round the block and then to do an emergency stop when the examiner stepped out from the sidewalk. Unfortunately, another motorcyclist of similar appearance came by first. Knowing nothing of the arrangement, he hit the examiner.
During a forest fire some months earlier, a fire-fighting plane had scooped up water from the lake to drop on the fire. The plane had accidentally picked up the unfortunate swimmer.
The man was a secret service agent who had recently killed several enemy agents. He entered a confessional in a church and confessed to the killings. However, he was under suspicion and had been followed. The man he confessed to was not a priest but an enemy agent who had seen him enter the church.
One man tried to open the front door of his van but could not because of the water pressure. The other man climbed into the back of the van, easily opened the sliding door, and thereby escaped.
The man is a lighthouse-keeper. He woke up in the darkness with a nagging feeling that he had forgotten something. He turned on the radio and heard a report that a ship had crashed onto rocks with great loss of life. He realized that it happened because he forgot to start the light that night.
The movie had been shown a week earlier. Susan had taped it then on her videocassette recorder to watch that evening.
The man was the leader of a religious cult. Believing that the world would end that night he had offered his followers the choice of taking poison or seeing the destruction of the world. Many, including his own children, had chosen taking poison and died.
He was an Indian brave who sent smoke signals alerting a war party to the approach of a cavalry troop.
The woman was Eve, who gave Adam the forbidden fruit from the tree in the Garden of Eden. By breaking God's instruction, Adam became mortal and died.
Out of mischief, the boy climbed onto the roof of the man's house and placed a plank of wood over the chimney. The man, who had been asleep in his parlor, was suffocated by fumes from his fire.
The man recites the nursery rhyme "This little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed home ..." while wiggling each of the baby's toes. He finds that the baby has six toes on one foot.
At the time she went into labor, the twins' mother was travelling from Guam to Hawaii. The older twin, Terry, was born on March 1st. Shortly afterwards, the mother crossed the International Date Line and Kerry, the younger twin, was born. The date was February 28th. In leap years,  February 28 is two days before March 1st.
Pick one person, A. Ask A to cut a piece of the cake that he would be happy with as his share. Then go round.
There is usually a small gap at the top of the envelope where the flap has been folded over. The wife inserted a knitting needle through the gap and under the fold of the letter. By rotating the needle she wound the letter tightly around it. She then removed it, read the letter, and replaced it using the actions in reverse.
The men were sailors, who were often flogged for minor offenses on board ship. Some captains refused to whip a man's back if it carried the image of Christ.
Pat was a Westerner in Tokyo. Houses there are small and, in order to save space, people tend to rent any large item which they might use only occasionally. Most Japanese rent the suitcases they take on holiday.
The man's wife was an habitual sleepwalker, She had previously opened the front door in her sleep and walked out into the road. He placed the key in the bucket of cold water so that, if she reached into the water to get it, the cold sensation would waken her.
Harry broke a pane of glass. A crack in glass starts in one place and travels across the glass at a speed of over 3000 miles (4800 kilometres) per hour.
The man was a priest conducting a communion service in a nearby church when they ran short of altar wine. Only red wine would do.
The man had a nasty toothache and he went to the dentist at 5 p.m. on a Friday evening. The dentist's assistants, including the anesthetist, had all gone and the dentist could not administer an anesthetic. The man insisted that the dentist should operate even without anesthetic so the dentist said that he would have to strap the man into the chair. This was done. The dentist then suffered a heart attack and died. The poor man was left strapped in the chair and unable to move. It was a holiday weekend and no staff reported for work until 9 a.m. on the following Tuesday morning88 hours later.
The building was the Australian National Mint. Over many years, so much gold dust had been absorbed into the fabric of the building that it was well worthwhile to demolish the building, extract the gold, and rebuild.
Since the weather report did not specify degrees in Fahrenheit or Celsius/centigrade, the temperature must have been the same in both scales. Only a temperature of -40 degrees is the same in both Fahrenheit and Celsius/ centigrade. That temperature for June would certainly make the place Antarctica.
It was a program of contemporary classical music played from a record. The record was played at the wrong I speed5 rpm instead of 33 rpm. Because of the esoteric nature of the composition, this mistake was not noticed until the end of the transmission. It can easily be calculated that the program should have lasted thirty minutes.
A new traffic regulation, designed to encourage car sharing, stated that only cars carrying two or more passengers could use certain lanes of the freeway. This led to motorists buying blow-up dolls to give the appearance that they were carrying passengers!
The criminal sent an invoice to a blind man who had recently died. His widow immediately knew that it must be a scam.
The man was deaf. He had to get up early for an important meeting and he was so worried about oversleeping that he could not get to sleep. After opening the curtains, however, he knew that the sunlight would wake him up, so he was no longer worried and fell asleep easily.
The man wanted to buy a first-class ticket on the maiden voyage of the luxury liner Titanic in 1912. He was refused because he was black. The Titanic sank with great loss of life.
This is a true story from Connecticut. The advertisement was a trap for people who used illegal devices to tap into cable television circuits without paying. It was placed by the owners of the cable television network and could be seen only by people using illegal decoders.The "free T-shirt was soon followed by a letter informing them that they were committing a federal crime and imposing a $2000 fine. The recipients had little choice but to pay up.
The bank was on the sixth floor of a tall building. The staff member who struggled free pressed a security button which froze all the elevators. The gang was trapped inside the elevator until the police came to arrest them.
The robbers discovered to their horror that the currency consisted only of freshly minted coins. All shops and banks were alerted to watch out for anyone trying to exchange large amounts of coin, so the gang was reduced to playing slot machines!
They had been trying to solve a lateral thinking problem this one in fact. When the one posing the problem re- 92
