A man goes into a restaurant, orders abalone, eats one bite, and kills himself. How could this be?
same problem statement but with albatross instead of abalone. How could this be?
A man kills himself rather than order albatross. How could this be?
A man lives on the twelfth floor of an apartment building.  Every morning he takes the elevator down to the lobby and leaves the building.  In the evening, he gets into the elevator, and, if there is someone else in the elevator -- or if it was raining that day -- he goes back to his floor directly.  However, if there is nobody else in the elevator and it hasn't rained, he goes to the tenth floor and walks up two flights of stairs to his room. How could this be?
Emily regularly visits the twelfth floor of an apartment building by going to the tenth floor and walking up two flights of stairs. Last year she only took the elevator to the ninth floor. How could this be?
A man sitting on a park bench reads a newspaper article headlined "Death at Sea" and knows a murder has been committed. How could this be?
A man lets go of a bowling ball.  A short while later, he is rushed to the hospital. How could this be?
Two men enter a bar.  They both order identical drinks.  One lives; the other dies. How could this be?
A man walks into a bar and asks for a drink.  The bartender pulls out a gun and points it at him.  The man says, "Thank you," and walks out. How could this be?
Two women are talking.  One goes into the bathroom, comes out five minutes later, and kills the other. How could this be?
A man goes to hang his coat and realizes he will die that day. How could this be?
Beulah died in the Appalachians, while Craig died at sea.  Everyone was much happier with Craig's death.  (JM, originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
An avid birdwatcher sees an unexpected bird.  Soon he's dead. How could this be?
He was killed by breakfast. How could this be?
A man lay dead in a field.   Next to him was a gun.  One shot had been fired and because of that shot the man had died.  Yet the man was not shot; in fact, there was no wound or mark on the body. How could this be?
Two brothers are involved in a murder.  Though it's clear that one of them actually committed the crime, neither can be punished.    (from "Unreasonable Doubt," by Stanley Ellin) How could this be?
A woman in France in 1959 is waiting in her room, with all the doors locked from the inside, for her husband to come home.  When he arrives, the house has burned to the ground and she's dead.  (JM, originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
A man lies dead next to a cactus. Stuck to the cactus is a slip of paper. How could this be?
Passing by a window, you see two dead men in a room, with a gun and a deck of cards. How could this be?
There are a carrot, a pile of pebbles, and a pipe lying together in the middle of a field. How could this be?
Two dead people sit in their cars on a street. How could this be?
A man is found shot to death in the front seat of his car; a gun lies out of his reach in the back seat.  All the windows are closed and the doors are locked; there are no bullet holes anywhere in the car.  (SP, from _The Next Book of OMNI Games_; partial AC wording) How could this be?
A man is sitting in a room. Another person enters, carrying a closed cardboard box, and sits down nearby. Though the first man can't see, hear, or smell the box's contents, he knows what's in the box. How could this be?
There is blood on the ceiling of my bedroom. How could this be?
A man in uniform stands on the beach of a tropical island.  He takes out a cigarette, lights it, and begins smoking.  He takes out a letter and begins reading it.  The cigarette burns down between his fingers, but he doesn't throw it away.  He cries. How could this be?
A woman is heating her coffee in a small microwave oven.  She puts it in for exactly two minutes.  She then opens the door, closes it, then heats her coffee for two more seconds. How could this be?
A man tries the new cologne his wife gave him for his birthday.  He goes out to get some food, and is killed. How could this be?
A man takes a two-week cruise to Mexico from the U.S.  Shortly after he gets back, he takes a three-day cruise which doesn't stop at any other ports.  He stays in his cabin all the time on both cruises.  As a result, he makes $250,000. How could this be?
A man is lying face down, dead, in the desert, with a match near his outstretched hand.  (This is different from #1.25, #2.2, and #2.12.) How could this be?
A man is lying, dead, face down in the desert wearing a backpack. (This is different from #1.24, #2.2, and #2.12.) How could this be?
Silly variant: same problem statement, with the addition that one of the man's shoelaces is untied. How could this be?
Variant wording: A man with a pack on his back enters a field and dies. How could this be?
Variant wording: A dead man lies in front of the post office; next to him is a parcel. How could this be?
She lost her job when she invited them to dinner. How could this be?
A man tells his boss, "Don't take your planned flight today!  I had a dream last night that if you do, your plane will crash and you'll die."  The boss fires the man. How could this be?
A man finishes getting dressed, lies down and dies. How could this be?
Every day a man drinks his breakfast and drinks his lunch.  When his boss finds out, he is immediately fired.  The man moves to another job and begins doing the same thing; this time, when his boss finds out, the boss jokingly tells him that he'll be fired if he stops. How could this be?
A car without a driver moves; a man dies. How could this be?
A man gets onto an elevator.  When the elevator stops, he knows his wife is dead. How could this be?
The music stops and a woman dies. How could this be?
A man lives in a high-rise apartment building in the city.  One day, as usual, he gets up, has breakfast, showers, dresses, kisses his wife good-bye, and leaves for work.  He walks down the corridor to the elevator. After standing there for a minute or so, he realizes his wife is dead. How could this be?
A man is killed on a train.  He is found to have written "elf" on the floor in his own blood.  (MB, from "The Problem of the Locked Caboose," by Edward D. Hoch) How could this be?
A man lies dead next to a feather. How could this be?
A man ran into a fire, and lived.  A man stayed where there was no fire, and died. How could this be?
Four people are on a grass-covered island.  A fire burns from one end of the island to the other, but no one gets severely burnt. How could this be?
A flash of light, a man dies. How could this be?
He couldn't find a chair, so he died.  (RM, with KH wording; from _How Come?_) How could this be?
A man is running along a corridor with a piece of paper in his hand. The lights flicker and the man drops to his knees and cries out, "Oh no!" How could this be?
Mr. Browning is glad the car ran out of gas.  (JM, originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
A dying man gives another man a gift, and then the dying man dies. Shortly after that the second man dies. How could this be?
A man is lying dead in a room.  There is a large pile of gold and jewels on the floor, a chandelier attached to the ceiling, and a large open window. How could this be?
Variant which puts this in section 2: same statement, ending with "a large window through which rays are coming." How could this be?
A man enters the elevator of a high rise apartment building, takes off one glove, and pushes the button for the tenth floor.  The next day, the same man enters the elevator, *puts on* one glove, and pushes the button for the tenth floor. How could this be?
A woman came home with a bag of groceries, got the mail, and walked into the house.  On the way to the kitchen, she went through the living room and looked at her husband, who had blown his brains out.  She then continued to the kitchen, put away the groceries, and made dinner. (partial JM wording; from _How Come?_) How could this be?
The king dies and two men both claim to be his long-lost son.  One of the king's advisors proposes a test to determine the identity of the true heir.  One claimant agrees to the test; the other refuses.  The one who agreed is sent packing; the one who refused is identified as the rightful heir.  (SP, from _The Next Book of OMNI Games_; earlier from _How Come?_) How could this be?
An old man gets the hiccups.  Soon, he is rushed to the hospital. How could this be?
A man is found dead outside a large building with a hole in him. How could this be?
A man is found dead outside a large marble building with three holes in him. How could this be?
A man dies in his own home. How could this be?
Variant wording: A man dies of thirst in his own home.  This version goes more quickly because it gives more information; but it may be less likely to annoy people who think the original statement is too vague. How could this be?
A body is discovered in a park in Chicago in the middle of summer. It has a fractured skull and many other broken bones, but the cause of death was hypothermia. How could this be?
A man is lying drowned in a dead forest. How could this be?
Three men die.  On the pavement are pieces of ice and broken glass. How could this be?
If he had wanted chocolate ice cream, his brother would be alive today. How could this be?
A man kills his wife, then goes inside his house and kills himself. (DH original, from "Nightmare in Yellow," by Fredric Brown) How could this be?
If he'd turned on the light, he'd have lived. How could this be?
A man is found dead on the floor in the living room. How could this be?
A man went into a restaurant, had a large meal, and paid nothing for it. How could this be?
A U.S. Navy sailor on the deck of a cruiser noticed an explosive mine in the water directly in the path of the ship.  With no time to communicate the situation to the captain of the ship, the sailor saved the lives of the crew and the ship. How could this be?
A man leaves a motel room, goes to his car, and honks the horn. How could this be?
As I drive to work on my motorcycle, there is one corner which I go around at a certain speed whether it's rainy or sunny.  If it's cloudy but not raining, however, I usually go faster. How could this be?
A man opens his mouth and dies shortly afterwards. How could this be?
A married couple goes to a movie.  During the movie the husband strangles the wife.  He is able to get her body home without attracting attention.  (from _Beyond the Easy Answer_; earlier from _How Come?_) How could this be?
Music stops and a woman dies. How could this be?
A woman is murdered in front of hundreds of people, but they all think it's an accident. How could this be?
Charlie died when the music stopped. How could this be?
Abel walks out of the ocean.  Cain asks him who he is, and Abel answers.  Cain kills Abel. How could this be?
A man is riding a subway.  He meets a one-armed man, who pulls out a gun and shoots him. How could this be?
Variant wording: A man sends a package to someone in Europe and gets a note back saying "Thank you.  I received it." How could this be?
Variant wording: Two men throw a box off of a cliff. How could this be?
Variant wording: A man in a Sherlock Holmes-style cape walks into a room, places a box on the table and leaves. How could this be?
An ordinary American citizen, with no passport, visits over thirty foreign countries in one day.  He is welcomed in each country, and leaves each one of his own accord. How could this be?
A man is sitting in bed.  He makes a phone call, saying nothing, and then goes to sleep. How could this be?
A man is sleeping in bed at 3 a.m. when the telephone rings.  As the man lifts the receiver, the caller hangs up. How could this be?
A man tries to buy poison to kill his wife.  The pharmacist figures out what he's up to and finds a way to ensure that he can't kill his wife. (CB, from _Flitterwochen in der Hoelle_) How could this be?
A man was walking down a road when a stone lodged itself between his foot and his sandal.  He leaned against a pole and, with his head down to watch, he shook his foot to dislodge the stone.  Another man came up and broke the first man's arm in three places. How could this be?
A man is sitting suspended over two pressurized containers. Suddenly, he dies. How could this be?
A man is dead in a puddle of blood and water on the floor of a locked room. How could this be?
A man is found hanging in a locked room with a puddle of water under his feet. How could this be?
Same without the puddle of water. How could this be?
Mr. H meets Mr. X in a hotel bar; after a heated discussion, they leave the bar and head upstairs.  Partway up the stairs, Mr. X clutches his chest, then punches Mr. H in the face. How could this be?
Two friends have just had lunch in a restaurant.  At the end of the meal, one draws a pistol and shoots the other. How could this be?
A man driving his car turns on the radio.  He then pulls over to the side of the road and shoots himself. How could this be?
The music stops and the man dies. How could this be?
A man is driving his car.  He turns on the radio, listens for five minutes, turns around, goes home, and shoots his wife. How could this be?
She grabbed his ring, pulled on it, and dropped it. How could this be?
A riverboat filled with passengers suddenly capsized, drowning most of those aboard.  (originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
A woman walks into a small room and screams. How could this be?
A rope breaks.  A bell rings.  A man dies. How could this be?
A bell rings.  A man dies.  A bell rings. How could this be?
The wind stopped blowing and the man died. How could this be?
The music stopped and the man died. How could this be?
A rope breaks.  A bell rings.  A boy dies. How could this be?
Joe leaves his house, wearing a mask and carrying an empty sack.  An hour later he returns.  The sack is now full.  He goes into a room and turns out the lights. How could this be?
A woman buys a new pair of shoes, goes to work, and dies. How could this be?
A woman sees her husband entering a certain place of business and insists on dissolving their partnership.  (originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
A woman has incontrovertible proof in court that her husband was murdered by her sister.  The judge declares, "This is the strangest case I've ever seen.  Though it's a cut-and-dried case, this woman cannot be punished." How could this be?
A man and his brother are in a bar drinking.  They begin to argue  and the brother won't get out of the man's face, shouting and cursing.  The man, finally fed up, pulls out a pistol and blows his brother's brains out.  He sits down to die. How could this be?
Hans and Fritz are German spies during World War II.  They try to enter America, posing as returning tourists.  Hans is immediately arrested. (JM, originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
A man is found dead on a path 200 feet from a gate.  Other than his clothes, all he had with him was a stick. How could this be?
A man is found dead in an alley lying in a red pool with two sticks crossed near his head. How could this be?
A married couple was speeding into town when their sedan ran out of gas.  The man went for help after making sure his wife closed the windows and locked the doors of the car.  Upon his return, he found his wife dead and a stranger in the car.  The windows were still closed, the doors were still locked, and no damage was done to the car.  (SP, from _The Next Book of OMNI Games_; earlier from _How Come?_) How could this be?
Two people are dead in a car, which is locked from the inside. There's a lot of blood. How could this be?
A woman lies dead in the street near a car. How could this be?
Tim and Greg were talking.  Tim said "The terror of flight."  Greg said "The gloom of the grave."  Greg was arrested.  (MPW original, from "No Refuge Could Save," by Isaac Asimov) How could this be?
A woman throws something out a window and dies. How could this be?
A man is found dead in his parked car.  Tire tracks lead up to the car and away. How could this be?
Variant wording: It is winter in the city, and snow lies everywhere. Two sets of tire tracks  lead into a garage.  Only one set leads out again. A man lies dead inside. How could this be?
A man is returning from Switzerland by train.  If he had been in a non-smoking car he would have died. How could this be?
A man dies on a train he does not ordinarily catch. How could this be?
Two men are digging a trench.  They look at each other and start to argue.  They make a phone call.  One man leaves for home and the other angrily continues to dig. How could this be?
Two men are kidnapped and are placed in the trunk of a car.  The next morning, when the trunk is opened, one man is alive and the other is dead. How could this be?
A man urinates and dies. How could this be?
A man wakes up one night to get some water.  He turns off the light and goes back to bed.  The next morning he looks out the window, screams, and kills himself.  (CR; KK wording; originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
Variant, similar to #1.70: The light goes out and a man dies. How could this be?
A man is dead in a room with a small pile of pieces of wood and sawdust in one corner.  (from "Coroner's Inquest," by Marc Connelly; earlier How could this be?
Variant wording: If he had seen the sawdust, he would have lived. How could this be?
A pile of sawdust, no net, a man dies. How could this be?
Two men are dead next to a pile of wood and a rope. How could this be?
A writer with an audience of millions insisted that he was never to be interrupted while writing.  After the day when he actually was interrupted, he never wrote again.  (JM, originally from _How Come -- Again?_) How could this be?
Variant wording: A seated woman is writing a letter.  She dies because there's a thunderstorm outside.  (SP, from _The Next Book of OMNI Games_) How could this be?
A woman is in a Q when there is a flash of lightning and she dies. How could this be?
In the middle of the ocean is a yacht.  Several corpses are floating in the water nearby. How could this be?
A man is born in 1972 and dies in 1952 at the age of 25. How could this be?
A man is found dead in the arctic with a pack on his back.  (This is different from #1.25, #1.24, and #2.12.) How could this be?
A man pushes a car up to a hotel and tells the owner he's bankrupt. How could this be?
The car came out of the blue and the man came into some money. How could this be?
A man lies dead in a room with fifty-three bicycles in front of him. How could this be?
There are 53 bees instead of 53 bicycles. How could this be?
There are 51 instead of 53. How could this be?
A black man dressed all in black, wearing a black mask, stands at a crossroads in a totally black-painted town.  All of the streetlights in town are broken.  There is no moon.  A black-painted car without headlights drives straight toward him, but turns in time and doesn't hit him.  (AL and RM wording; from _How Come?_) How could this be?
Elsa can turn off her bedroom light at the door to her bedroom, and still make it acroos the room and into bed before the room gets dark. How could this be?
Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice all live in the same house.  Bob and Carol go out to a movie, and when they return, Alice is lying dead on the floor in a puddle of water and glass.  It is obvious that Ted killed her but Ted is not prosecuted or severely punished. How could this be?
A very common variant uses the names Romeo and Juliet instead, to further mislead audiences.  For example: Romeo is looking down on Juliet's dead body, which is on the floor surrounded by water and broken glass. How could this be?
Minor variant: Tom and Jean lay dead in a puddle of water with broken pieces of glass and a baseball nearby. How could this be?
A dead man lies near a pile of bricks and a beetle on top of a book. How could this be?
Hiking in the mountains, you walk past a large field and camp a few miles farther on, at a stream.  It snows in the night, and the next day you find a cabin in the field with two dead bodies inside. How could this be?
A man is sitting in a chair -- in a cabin -- on the side of a mountain -- dead. How could this be?
Variant wording: A cabin, on the side of a mountain, locked from the inside, is opened, and 30 people are found dead inside.  They had plenty of food and water. How could this be?
Two people are playing cards.  One looks around and realizes he's going to die. How could this be?
A man was brought before a tribal chief, who asked him a question. If he had known the answer, he probably would have died.  He didn't, and lived. How could this be?
A very rich man hires a poor man to clean one wing of his extravagant domicile. The poor man, wanting to impress his new boss, cleans the entire house. Soon after, the man quits his job. How could this be?
There is a dead man lying in the desert next to a rock.  (This is different from #1.25, #1.24, and #2.2.) How could this be?
A woman opens an envelope and dyes. How could this be?
He was killed because of poor eyesight.  (JM original, from an Arthur C. Clarke story in _Tales from the White Hart_) How could this be?
A man rides into town on Friday.  He stays one night and leaves on Friday. How could this be?
Variant with the same basic gimmick: A woman comes home, sees Spaghetti on the wall and kills her husband. How could this be?
A horse jumps over a tower and lands on a man, who disappears. How could this be?
It's the year 860 A.D., at Camelot.  Two priests are sitting in the castle's chapel.  The queen attacks the king.  The two priests rise, shake hands, and leave the room. How could this be?
A black leader dies in Africa. How could this be?
Two men are found dead outside of an igloo. How could this be?
A man is alone on an island with no food and no water, yet he does not fear for his life. How could this be?
A man marries twenty women in his village but isn't charged with polygamy. How could this be?
Joe wants to go home, but he can't go home because the man in the mask is waiting for him. How could this be?
Variant wording: Johnny is afraid to go home because of the man in the mask. How could this be?
Two men are in a field.  One is wearing a mask.  The other man is running towards him to avoid him. How could this be?
Variant wording: Instead of "home," say the man in the mask is standing on the corner. How could this be?
Bruce wins the race, but he gets no trophy. How could this be?
A woman meets the king, cries "Pain!", and loses consciousness. How could this be?
A man enters a store.  After a short pause, he says "pain."  The storekeeper is confused, but then becomes annoyed. How could this be?
As a man jumps out of a window, he hears the telephone ring and regrets having jumped.  (from "Some Days are Like That," by Bruce J. Balfour; partial JM wording) How could this be?
Variant wording: The phone rang, and he regretted what he had done. How could this be?
A newspaper reported that Jacques Dubois finished first in a race held in France.  His average speed was given, correctly, as 19,475 km/hour. (DA, from an idea by AR and Richard Fowell) How could this be?
At the bottom of the sea there lies a ship worth millions of dollars that will never be recovered. How could this be?
A man shoots himself, and dies. How could this be?
A man walks into a room, shoots, and kills himself. How could this be?
Adults are holding children, waiting their turn.  The children are handed  to a man, who holds them while a woman shoots them.  If the child is crying, the man tries to stop the crying before the child is shot. How could this be?
Harry dropped a sugar cube in his coffee, then lifed it out intact a minute later. How could this be?
A man is doing his job when his suit tears.  Fifteen minutes later, he's dead. How could this be?
A train pulls into a station, but none of the waiting passengers move. How could this be?
The Orient Express is derailed and a kitten plays nearby. How could this be?
Three large people try to crowd under one small umbrella, but nobody gets wet. How could this be?
An ordinary woman walks on water. How could this be?
Amy drives her car due west for a quarter mile, without turning. When she stops, the car is facing east. How could this be?
A woman had a pet goldfish which she loved very dearly. One day she noticed that it was swimming feebly in its bowl and it looked very unwell. She rushed to the vet with her prized pet and he told her to come back in an hour. When she returned she found the goldfish swimming strongly and looking healthy again. How had the vet managed this?
Little Billy was four years old and both his parents were dead. His guardian put him on a train to send him to a new home in the country. Billy could neither read nor write nor remember the address, so a large label on a string was secured around his neck clearly indicating Billy's name and destination. However, despite the best efforts and kindness of the railway staff, Billy never arrived at his new home. Why?
A woman walked up to a man behind a counter and handed him a book. He looked at it and said, That wɽ be four dollars/' She paid the man and then walked out without the book. He saw her leave without it but did not call her back. How come?
Why is it that, in general, the hair on a man's head goes grey before the hair in his moustache does?
Two naturalists were walking in the country. They were both keen to protect the environment and to conserve nature and wildlife. One said to the other, "I was impressed by the way that you hit that bird." The second replied, "Yes, it was good, but not as good as that large bird that you hit earlier." What were they talking about?
A man was drinking a cup of tea when he was suddenly blinded. How?
A man was slowly counting but unfortunately he miscounted. A little later he suffered a sharp pain in his back. Why?
John was watching television. Just after the midnight news there was a weather forecast: /?It is raining now and will rain for the next two days. However, in 72 hours it will be bright and sunny." "Wrong again/7 snorted John. He was correct but how did he know?
Let us agree that at the North Pole it is impossible to look north and at the South Pole it is impossible to look south. Then, where in the world would you be if you could look north and south but could not look east or west?
A blind beggar had a brother who died. What relation was the blind beggar to the brother who died? ("Brother" is not the answer.)
A police officer saw a truck driver clearly going the wrong way down a one-way street, but did not try to stop him. Why not?
You are seated next to the pilot of a small plane at an altitude of one mile. Huge mountains loom directly ahead. The pilot does not change speed, direction, or elevation, yet you survive. How come?
During a christening ceremony, the godmother of the child suddenly tackled the priest who was conducting the ceremony, knocked him down, and rolled him over on the ground. Why did she do this?
A man wishes to reach the island in the middle of an ornamental lake without getting wet. The island is 20 feet from each edge of the pond (see diagram) and he has two planks each 19 feet long. How does he get across?
There were two keen sportsmen. One evening at 6 p.m. one started walking at 4 miles per hour and the other started cycling at 12 miles per hour. After an hour each of them stopped. They then each ran for fifteen minutes at 8 miles per hour. They both started from the same place, A. They both kept heading in the same direction throughout and never changed course or rested during the entire 45 minutes. They both arrived at point B at the same time. How could this be and how far was it from A to B?
A detective was lying in bed one Sunday morning listening to the local church bells ringing. Suddenly he realized that he was listening to a recording. How did he know?
One night the vicar noticed that the old clock in the church tower struck 13 times at midnight. It did the same thing the following night so he had the mechanism investigated. It was found to be in perfect order, yet the clock struck 13 again that night. Why?
When this book first came out it was read only by a handful of very rich people. Now almost everyone has a copy and reads it frequently. But you cannot buy it in a bookstore or borrow it from a library. What is it?
A man came to a river carrying a fox, a duck, and a bag of corn. There was a boat in which he could ferry one of the three items across the river at any one time. He could not leave the fox alone with the duck, nor the duck alone with the corn, so how did he get all three across?
This time the man reached the river with a fox, a duck, and a bag of corn, but this fox ate corn as well as ducks! There was the same boat as before in which he could take only one of the three with him. He could not leave the fox with either the corn or the duck, and, of course, the duck would gladly eat the corn if they were left together. How did he get all three across?
A man wishes to cross a wide, deep river, as shown in the diagram. There is no bridge, no boat, and he cannot swim. How does he get across?
Bill and Ben are identical twins. They are physically very alike, fit and healthy. They are both good runners and always run at the same speed. Each runs against the clock on the same track under the same conditions. Yet Ben takes ten times longer to finish than Bill. Why?
Note: This puzzle and the one that follows it are products of the same cruel and devious mind.
A small plane was flying from Albany to New York some years ago. Seated beside each other were a grumpy old man smoking a foul pipe and a grumpy old lady with a noisy pet duck on her lap. Each spent most of the journeycomplaining about the other. Finally a compromise was reached. The old man agreed to throw his pipe out of the window if the old lady would throw her duck out. This was done. Just as the plane was about to land, the lady was pleased to see the duck flying alongside the plane. What did the duck have in its mouth?
A keen stamp collector who specialized in U.S. stamps saw an advertisement offering a complete set of early U.S. stamps for a fraction of what it was worth. He quickly bought it. Although it was a genuine, splendid collection and a real bargain, he was angry, not pleased. What was going on?
On a cold winter's day, drivers found that sheep from the fields nearby kept coming onto the road. There was no snow and the road was not warmer than the fields but whenever the sheep were ushered back to the fields they quickly returned to the road. Why?
Pete challenged Jim to a tennis match for a large bet. Jim won the first set easily (6-1). Pete then offered to raise the stakes to ten times the amount. Jim readily agreed but lost the next two sets to Pete 6-1, 6-1. Pete tried hard throughout the match and never threw away a point. How did he manage to suddenly beat Jim easily?
A man was on the run from the police. He was relaxing, watching a play in a crowded theatre. Suddenly he noticed that detectives were closing in on him from all directions and were covering all exits. How did he escape?
Bernard was the president of a major Wall Street bank. One morning when he got on a crowded train he was extremely worried. When the train stopped and he alighted, he felt very sick but he was not worried anymore. Why not?
If you liked this place you would rather stay for a day than a year, but if you hated it you would rather stay for a year than a day. Why?
A boy at boarding school ran short of money so he wrote to his grandmother asking for a small contribution. The response was a letter containing a lecture on the evils of extravagance but no money of any kind. Never th elessz the boy was very pleased. Why?
During a wedding reception the father of the bride found that his wallet was missing. How did he find out who had taken it?
A man went to a builder with plans for an extension to his house. They had never met before but the builder agreed to build the extension at no charge to the man. Why?
In wartime, an army had to cross a wide river. There were no boats and only one bridge, which was very narrow. Crossing the bridge would have made them sitting ducks for enemy gunfire. How did the entire army cross the river in relative safety?
While digging a garden, a woman unearthed a large metal box filled with money and jewelry. For seven years she 16
A patient on the operating table is coming round after an operation. Suddenly he jumps up and strikes the surgeon as hard as he can. Why does he do this?
A clergyman was exasperated at having to sweep up vast amounts of confetti from the front of his church after every wedding. He decreed that in the future, if people insisted on throwing something at the married couple they throw something else. What did he suggest?
A manufacturer states that if middle-aged people told the truth more often he would sell a great deal more of his products. What does he manufacture?
In a sports shop there is a soccer ball containing a quantity of dried peas. Why are they there?
A mother told her six-year-old daughter that her pet dog had been hit by a car and killed. The little girl burst into tears. Half an hour later, the mother said that the dog was quite well and that it was all a mistake. Why did she do this?
Tom cannot read or write or tie his shoes. He has never worked a day in his life. Despite these shortcomings, Tom is given an extremely important, prestigious, and well- paid job. How come?
A woman who was driving on her own pulled into a filling station and bought some gasoline. As she drove off she noticed a stranger in a car following her. She tried to shake him o by turning, accelerating, slowing down, etc. Finally she turned into a police station, but she was shocked to see him follow her in. He was not a policeman and there were no mechanical faults with her car. Why did he follow her?
A bank messenger, carrying a bag containing one thousand $100 bills, was robbed at gunpoint by a masked man. The man took the bag home and, without looking inside, he burnt it. Why?
A banker was kidnapped and held tied up and blindfolded by a single kidnapper for several days. During this time he 18
In a factory in Buckinghamshire, England, in the nineteenth century, a bungling employee ruined an entire batch of the factory output. However, his employer was very pleased. Why?
In the eighteenth century, long before the invention of the train or the motorcar, people delivered urgent messages
A man hired seven employees to work for him. After a few weeks he noticed that only six were ever at work on any day and that on each day a different one failed to show up for work. Why?
Chuck was an American on holiday in Ireland. His rental car broke down while he was in a little village and he was able to pull into a garage. There he asked how he could find someone to drive him back to Dublin. The man at the garage said, haven't been here long but I am sure that Milligan is your man. He lives in the big white house at the end of the village/'	Chuck went up to the house and Milligan answered the door. "Can you drive me to Dublin?,/ asked Chuck. "No," answered Milligan and explained that in his old car he never drove outside the vicinity. However, as it was late he offered Chuck a room for the night. When Chuck awoke the next morning, he was shocked to see a huge golden eagle on the top of his wardrobe gazing down at him. Why did the man at the garage direct Chuck to Milligan?
A man met a beautiful woman in a bar. After a few drinks they agreed to go back to her apartment. In the morning he awoke in an alleyway having been drugged. He checked his wallet, watch and credit cards and found that none were missing. A few minutes later he discovered something which gave him a terrible shock. What was it?
A strong woman is about to start her cleaning job when she collapses in a faint. Why?
An expert sailor was killed while sailing his boat. He had suffered a heavy blow to the head. How had it happened?
Two workmen were doing a major renovation job on an old English house. They could not believe their luck when they came upon a cask of excellent Jamaican rum. They indulged in a glass or two of this rum every day until finally it ran out. They then got a nasty surprise. What was it?
A man is found dead in a field. He is clutching a broken match. What happened?
A man is peeling potatoes when he cuts his finger. He immediately puts his hand into water and leaves it there for 30 seconds. However, when he pulls his hand out the cut has entirely disappeared. How can this have happened?
The music stopped. She died. Explain.
A woman came home to find her dog choking in the hall. She rushed the dog to a nearby vet and went home while he examined the dog. When she arrived home the phone was ringing. It was the vet warning her to get out of the house at once. Why?
Tom and Joe went to a movie. There were many other people there. During a quiet scene, Tom drew a gun. Joe screamed, Don't shoot! but Tom shot him. Tom then left. Many people saw Tom leave and they restrained him. The police arrived and quickly released Tom. Why?
A man was the proud owner of a beautiful and expensive Mercedes sports car. One day he drove it to an isolated parking area and then smashed the window, scratched the doors, and ripped out the radio. Why?
A man is lying severely injured in the road. He had quite deliberately stepped out from the sidewalk in front of a motorcyclist who had hit him. Why had the man done this?
Deep in the forest, a forest ranger found the body of man dressed only in swimming trunks, snorkel, and facemask. The nearest lake was 8 miles away and the sea was 100 miles away. How did he die?
A man walked into a small, dark room in a large building. After a few minutes he emerged from the dark room and left the building. A man then walked up to him and shot
In a bizarre accident, two identical vans simultaneously plunged over a dockside and into thirty feet of water. They both landed upright. Each van had a driver who was fit, uninjured by the fall, and conscious. One drowned but the other easily escaped. Why?
A man wakes up in a dark room. He switches on the light.
Susan watched as her husband boarded the 8:15 p.m. Air Canada flight from Toronto to Chicago. She then drove home from the airport and proceeded to watch a movie. About one hour into the movie there was a news flash; the 8:15 p.m. Air Canada flight from Toronto to Chicago had crashed with no survivors. Susan did not react. She just continued to watch the movie. How come?
A man woke up on a beautiful summer morning. He went to the window, looked out in horror, and then shot himself. Why?
A man walked up a hill carrying a blanket. Because of this, one hundred people died. How?
A woman gave a man something to eat. It caused him to die. It was not poisoned or poisonous. Why did he die?
A man sitting at home was killed by a little boy who was outside. How?
A man is visiting a young couple who have a one-year-old daughter. He takes the baby on his knee and, with the parents present, begins to recite a nursery rhyme with the child. Within a few moments, however, he is cringing with embarrassment. Why?
One day, Kerry celebrated her birthday. Two days later, her older twin brother, Terry, celebrated his birthday. How come?
To divide a cake equally between two people you let one cut and the other choose. How could you divide a cake
One morning a jealous wife found in the mail a letter addressed to her husband. How did she remove the letter from the sealed envelope without breaking the seal or tearing the envelope and then put it back in the envelope so that her husband did not know that the letter had been read?
Why did a significant number of people have a Crucifixion scene tattooed on their bodies? These people did not share any particular religious beliefs.
Pat went into a luggage shop to buy a suitcase. The assistant said, "It is most unusual to buy a suitcase. Why don't you rent one like all our other customers?7' Why should this be so?
A total of 213 people enter a knockout tennis tournament. What is the least number of matches that must be played to decide an overall winner?
Every night before he went to bed, a man carefully locked all the doors of his house. Then he placed the front-door key inside a bucket of cold water. In the morning he retrieved the key from the bucket in order to open the door. Why did he do this?
While Harry was working in his garage he made something travel at over 3000 miles (4800 kilometers) per hour. What on earth was it?
A man walked into a bar and asked for a certain drink. The bartender apologized that he had run out of that particular drink but he offered the man any other drink in the house free. The man refused and walked out. Why?
A man sat perfectly still for 88 hours. Why?
Why did a man go to great trouble to bury in the desert fifteen brand-new Mercedes-Benz cars, all greased and wrapped in plastic?
In Australia a perfectly good building was demolished and an almost identical one erected on exactly the same site. The original building was in good condition, it had no defects and there was no issue of safety or planning permission. Why was it demolished?
A man writes a cheque, signs it, and then tears it into exactly 217 pieces. He then puts it in the mail. Can you give a rational explanation for his behavior?
A terse weather report once stated that the temperature in a certain place at midnight on June 1st was a certain number of degrees. Where was the place?
What do these animals have in common: koala bear, prairie dog, firefly, silkworm, jackrabbit, guinea pig?
A music program on a well-respected radio station finished exactly eight minutes earlier than it was scheduled to. An embarrassed official gave the explanation for this mistake. What was it? How long was the program supposed to last? (It is possible to work this out.)
How did a change in state traffic regulations lead to an increase in trade for local sex shops? (The answer is not obscene!)
A rather nasty criminal developed a seemingly foolproof way of extracting money from bereaved families. He would scan the obituary columns in order to choose the name of a wealthy man who had recently died. Then he sent an invoice for pornographic books addressed to the man and claiming payment for goods previously despatched. To avoid any scandal the family would invariably pay. How was he eventually caught out?
A man in a hotel was unable to sleep. He got up, opened the window drapes, went back to bed and fell asleep easily. How come?
A man saw something advertised at a certain price and went to buy it. An official refused to sell it to him even though the man could pay and other men and women were sold it. Later the man was very glad that his purchase had been refused. Why was he refused and why was he glad?
A man was watching television when he saw an advertisement offering free T-shirts to the first 100 viewers who phoned in. He called the number given, stated his size, and received his free T-shirt in a few days. Later he very much regretted doing this. Why?
A gang robbed a bank. They tied up the staff and then hurriedly left the bank. One of the bank staff struggled free and did something which quickly led to the apprehension of the gang. What was it?
A gang stole a bank security van containing over $700,000. Their plan was executed perfectly and they got clean away. The police had no trace of them and the gang were free to divide and spend the loot. However, they were extremely frustrated. Why?
Four rational and reasonable people were seated around a table. Suddenly three of them jumped up and viciously beat the fourth one senseless. Why?
