The man was in a ship that was wrecked on a desert island. When there was no food left, another passenger brought what he said was abalone but was really part of the man's wife (who had died in the wreck). The man suspects something fishy, so when they finally return to civilization, he orders abalone, realizes that what he ate before was his wife, and kills himself.  (In a slight variant, from _Stories With Holes_, he simply faints rather than killing himself.)
In this version, the man was in a lifeboat, with his wife, who died.  He hallucinated an albatross landing in the boat which he caught and killed and ate; he thought that his wife had been washed overboard.  When he actually eats albatross, he discovers that he had actually eaten his wife.
The man already knew that he had eaten human flesh under the name "albatross."  He asks the waiter in the restaurant what kind of soup is available, and the waiter responds, "Albatross soup."  Thinking that "albatross soup" means "human soup," and sickened by the thought of such a society (place in a foreign country if necessary), he kills himself.    I'm afraid this version doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
The man is a midget.  He can't reach the upper elevator buttons, but he can ask people to push them for him.  He can also push them with his umbrella.  I've usually heard this stated with more details: "Every morning he wakes up, gets dressed, eats, goes to the elevator..."  In the other direction, for a shorter problem statement, leave out the "someone else in the elevator" and "if it was raining" parts, and just say on his return to the building he always goes to the tenth floor.  Ron Carter suggests a nice red herring: the man lives on the 13th floor of the building.
Emily is a child; she can only reach the tenth-floor button, and last year she could only reach the ninth-floor button.
The man is a travel agent.  He had sold someone two tickets for an ocean voyage, one round-trip and one one-way.  The last name of the man who bought the tickets is the same as the last name of the woman who "fell" overboard and drowned on the same voyage, which is the subject of the article he's reading.  This may have derived from a story done by Alfred Hitchcock, if the following Hitchcock quotation is accurate: "If you take your wife on a sea voyage, buy her a round-trip ticket no matter what your plans may be."  According to _How Come?_, it's loosely based on the real-life case of a killer named Henry Landru.
A physics professor is demonstrating conservation of energy by suspending a bowling ball from a piece of rope.  He pulls the ball back until it's right in front of his nose, then lets go.  It is supposed to swing away from him, then back at him, stopping just in front of his nose. Unfortunately, he gave the ball a slight push, resulting in the ball crashing into his nose upon its return.
The drinks contain poisoned ice cubes; one man drinks slowly, giving them time to melt, while the other drinks quickly and thus doesn't get much of the poison.  The fact that they drink at different speeds could be added to the statement, possibly along with red herrings such as saying that one of the men is big and burly and the other short and thin.
The man has hiccups; the bartender scares them away by pulling a gun.
Both women are white; the one whose house this takes place in is single.  A black friend of the other woman, the one who goes into the bathroom, was recently killed, reportedly by the KKK.  The woman who goes into the bathroom discovers a bloodstained KKK robe in the other's laundry hamper, picks up a nail file from the medicine cabinet (or some other impromptu weapon), and goes out and kills the other.
The man (who is black) has car trouble and is in need of a telephone.  He asks at the nearest house and on being invited in goes to hang his coat, whereupon he notices the white robes of the Ku Klux Klan in the closet.  
Beulah and Craig were hurricanes.
He is a passenger in an airplane and sees the bird get sucked into an engine at 20,000 feet.
A man is camping in the mountains.  He makes breakfast, then puts pepper on his food (eggs, perhaps).  The pepper makes him sneeze loudly, which starts an avalanche, which kills him.
He fired the gun and caused an avalanche.
One of the brothers (A) confesses to the murder.  At his trial, his brother (B) is called as the only defense witness; B immediately confesses, in graphic detail, to having committed the crime.  The defense lawyer refuses to have the trial stopped, and A is acquitted under the "reasonable doubt" clause.  Immediately afterward, B goes on trial for the murder; A is called as the only defense witness and *he* confesses.  B is declared innocent; and though everyone knows that *one* of them did it, how can they tell who?  Further, neither can be convicted of perjury until it's decided which of them did it...  I don't know if that would actually work under the US legal system, but someone else who heard the story said that his father was on the jury for a *very* similar case in New York some years ago.  Mark Brader points out that the brothers might be convicted of conspiracy to commit perjury or to obstruct justice, or something of that kind.Scott Purdy says an _L.A. Law_ episode had a similar plot: A petty criminal and a mob boss were accused of murdering someone. The lawyers offered to drop the charges on the criminal if he'd testify against the boss.  He said he would, got his charges dropped, and confessed on the stand.  Both got away without being punished: the charges couldn't be reinstated for the one, and there was reasonable doubt for the other.
This is apparently a true story.  The hot sun reflected from the woman's large mirror (which I speculate may have been imperfectly flat and therefore focused the sunlight, but I don't know for sure) and heated the lingerie she was wearing to the burning point.  She was absorbed in a book at the time and didn't notice the heat until her clothing was afire. Nobody could get to her to help because her doors were locked from the inside.  Please disregard the version of this answer from previous editions of this list; it's not true.
The man was lost in the desert for days.  He couldn't find any landmarks, so he started sticking slips of paper to cactuses he passed. After another day of walking, with almost no water left, he came across this cactus, which had a slip of paper on it already; he knew that he was walking in circles, so rather than wait to die of thirst he shot himself.  (See also #1.24, #2.2, and #2.12.)
You're a diver, going past a window of a sunken submarine (or ship).  The two men were in a sinking vessel; they had a gun but only one bullet.  Neither wanted to drown, so they played cards to see who would get the bullet.  The loser shot the winner (or else the winner shot himself), and then the loser drowned when the room filled up with water.  (See also #1.13, #2.4, #2.9.)
They're the remains of a melted snowman.
Because there was a heavy fog, two people driving in opposite directions on the same road both stuck their heads out of their windows to better see the road's center line.  Their heads hit each other at high speed, killing them both.  Andreas says this is based on an actual accident.
The car is a convertible; the top was down.  (Or the sunroof, or something else that's neither window nor door.)  The murderer shot him and then dropped the gun into the back seat of the car.
The man is allergic to cats, and feels the allergy symptoms coming on, so he knows the box contains a cat.  (It could be argued that he must be able to smell the cat, but I'd say that "smell" implies consciously noticing a smell, and is not the same as reacting to unnoticed dander.)
A mosquito bit me, and I swatted it when it later landed on my ceiling (so the blood is my own as well as the mosquito's).
He is a guard/attendant in a leper colony.  The letter (to him) tells him that he has contracted the disease.  The key is the cigarette burning down between his fingers -- leprosy is fairly unique in killing off sensory nerves without destroying motor ability.
She opens the door and sees that the handle of her cup is facing the back of the microwave.  She then sets the oven for two more seconds so that the turntable will turn 180 degrees so that she can reach the cup-handle, to avoid burning her hand.
The man is a beekeeper, and the bees attack en masse because they don't recognize his fragrance.  Randy adds that this is based on something that actually happened to his grandfather, a beekeeper who was severely attacked by his bees when he used a new aftershave for the first time in 10 or 20 years.
He's a smuggler.  On the first cruise, someone brings the contraband to his cabin, and he hides it in an air conditioning duct. Returning to the U.S., he leaves without the contraband, and so passes through customs with no trouble.  On the second trip, he has the same cabin on the same ship.  Because it doesn't stop anywhere, he doesn't have to go through customs when he returns, so he gets the contraband off safely.
He was with several others in a hot air balloon crossing the desert.  The balloon was punctured and they began to lose altitude.  They tossed all their non-essentials overboard, then their clothing and food, but were still going to crash in the middle of the desert.  Finally, they drew matches to see who would jump over the side and save the others; this man lost.  Minor variant wording: add that the man is nude.
He jumped out of an airplane, but his parachute failed to open.  Minor variant wording : he's on a mountain trail instead of in a desert.  Minor variant wording : he's got a ring in his hand (it came off of the ripcord).The man was let loose in the desert with a pack full of poisoned food.  He knows it's poisoned, and doesn't eat it -- he dies of hunger.  
He pulled his shoelace instead of the ripcord.
Same as #1.25.
Same as #1.25.  Can a parachute be called a "parcel"? Perhaps "package" would be better.  (It's "Paket" in the original German.)
Let's say "she" is named Suzy, and "they" are named Harry and Jane.  Harry is an elderly archaeologist who has found a very old skeleton, which he's dubbed "Jane" (a la "Lucy").  Suzy is a buyer for a museum; she's supposed to make some sort of purchase from Harry, so she invites him to have a business dinner with her (at a restaurant).  When she calls to invite him, he keeps talking about "Jane," so Suzy assumes that Jane is his wife and says to bring her along.  Harry, offended, calls Suzy's boss and complains; since Suzy should've known who Jane was, she gets fired.
The man was the night watchman; he should've been on duty the previous night, not dreaming.  (He tells the boss about the dream out of concern for his safety.)
There is a poisonous spider in the toe of his shoe.  The last things he puts on are his shoes.  He gets bitten, feels ill, lies down on his bed, and then dies of the poison.  (It's a particularly poisonous spider, like the Australian Funnel-Web, whose bite can kill an adult human in 5 minutes, or the brown recluse, which I gather is also pretty deadly.)
The man is drinking diet shakes for his breakfast and lunch in order to lose weight.  Unfortunately, his first job is at a weight-loss clinic, so he is fired for patronizing the competition.  His second job is at a health-food store, and his boss wants him to lose weight so he looks "healthier."
The murderer sets the car on a slope above the hot dog stand where the victim works.  He then wedges an ice block in the car to keep the brake pedal down, and puts the car in neutral, after which he flies to another city to avoid suspicion.  It's a warm day; when the ice melts, the car rolls down the hill and strikes the hot dog man at his roadside stand, killing him.
He's leaving a hospital after visiting his wife, who's on heavy life-support.  When the power goes out, he knows she can't live without the life-support systems (he assumes that if the emergency backup generator were working, the elevator wouldn't lose power; this aspect isn't entirely satisfactory, so in a variant, the scene is at home rather than in a hospital).
The woman is confined in an iron lung, and the music is playing on her radio or stereo.  The power goes out.  (RW) (See also #1.59, #1.70a, and #1.75c.)
Same as #1.31.
Attached to the train was a caboose with a safe carrying a shipment of jewels.  The victim, Schmidt, was the conductor guarding the shipment; he had robbed the safe himself, and had an accomplice traveling on the train under a false name to remove the loot.  The accomplice killed Schmidt to keep his share.  Schmidt didn't know the accomplice's false name, so he wrote the killer's berth number, 11.  For greater clarity he spelled out the number as a word -- in his native German.  (In the original story he didn't want "11" to be misread as two parallel lines, but Germans don't write "1" as a straight line.) This arguably belongs in section 2 for double meaning, but the double-meaninged word here is explicitly called out, so I'm going to leave it in section 1 for now.
The man was a sword swallower in a carnival side-show.  While he was practicing, someone tickled his throat with the feather, causing him to gag.
The two men were working in a small room protected by a carbon dioxide gas fire extinguisher system, when a fire broke out in an adjoining room.  One of the men ran through the fire and escaped with only minor burns.  The other one stayed in the room until the fire extinguishers kicked in, and died of oxygen starvation.  (This originally involved a halon gas extinguisher, but those don't work that way; fortunately for our purposes, Gisle Hannemyr pointed out that CO2 extinguishers do work that way.  Gisle says a CO2 extinguisher on a Norwegian ship a few years ago did go off accidentally when there was no fire, killing everyone in the engine room.)
The fire is slow moving and the four are able to "back burn" by  starting a new fire on the other side of them. When an area is burnt off, they can safely stand on the burnt patch, as it now contains no fuel for the grass fire. This is an actual technique used in Australian bushfires (and, I think, elsewhere).
The man is a lion-tamer, posing for a photo with his lions. The lions react badly to the flash of the camera, and the man can't see properly, so he gets mauled.
He was a lion-tamer.  This one is kind of silly, but I like it, and it sounds possible to me (though I'm told a whip is more important than a chair to a lion-tamer).
The man is delivering a pardon, and the flicker of the lights indicates that the person to be pardoned has just been electrocuted.  (See also #1.31.)
Mr. and Mrs. Browning had just gotten married.  Mrs. Browning was subject to fits of depression.  They had their first fight soon after they were married; Mr. Browning stormed out of the house, and Mrs. Browning went into the garage and started up the car, intending to kill herself by filling the garage with car exhaust.  But the car ran out of gas quickly, and Mr. Browning, returning home to apologize, found Mrs. Browning in time to summon help and restore her to health.
The second man had shot the first man.  Before he dies, the first man gives the second man a grenade pin, which he's of course just pulled from a grenade.  The first man dies, then the grenade explodes and the second man dies.
The room is the ballroom of an ocean liner which sank some time ago.  The man ran out of air while diving in the wreck.
the rays are manta rays (this version tends to make people assume vampires are involved, unless they notice the awkwardness of the phrase involving rays).
The man is blind.  His first time in the elevator, he's wearing gloves; the elevator uses buttons that work by electrical conduction through the skin; they light up at the slightest touch, but not through a glove.  The man thus has to remove a glove to get the button to work.  But he discovers that first day that as he runs his ungloved hand over the buttons to find the tenth floor, all the buttons are activated, and the elevator stops at all the floors.  So from then on, he carries a glove with him; he puts it on when he enters the elevator, finds the right button with his gloved hand, then uses his ungloved hand to press the tenth-floor button.  (Note that even if the buttons are labeled in Braille, it's hard to avoid brushing against a button and sending the elevator to the wrong floor.)
The husband killed himself a while ago; it's his ashes in an urn on the mantelpiece that the wife looks at.  It's debatable whether this belongs in section 2 for double meanings.
The proposed test was a blood test.  Knowing that blood typing isn't very accurate, the impostor felt it was worth trying to get away with it.  But the true heir was a hemophiliac and couldn't give blood for the test.
The man is a glassblower.  His old age has brought about a decline in his vision, so he must use shorter pipes to blow glass.  He gets the hiccups, accidentally inhales some hot vapors / molten glass and burns his mouth and throat area.  (I'm not sure whether this could actually happen, but it sounds feasible to me.)
The man was struck by an object thrown from the roof of the Empire State Building.  Originally I had the object being a penny, but several people suggested that a penny probably wouldn't be enough to penetrate someone's skull.  Something aerodynamic and heavier, like a dart, was suggested, but I don't know how much mass would be required.
The man was a paleontologist working with the Archaeological Research Institute.  He was reviving a triceratops frozen in the ice age when it came to life and killed him.  This couldn't possibly happen because (among other reasons) there were no triceratops during the ice age.  
His home is a houseboat and he has run out of water while on an extended cruise.
Same.
A poor peasant from somewhere in Europe wants desperately to get to the U.S.  Not having money for airfare, he stows away in the landing gear compartment of a jet.  He dies of hypothermia in mid-flight, and falls out when the landing gear compartment opens as the plane makes its final approach.  This apparently happened in real life as well; Mark Brader provided an AP item from Paris, printed in the _Toronto Star_ on 7/10/93, about just such an occurrence.
He's scuba diving when a firefighting plane lands nearby and fills its tanks with water, sucking him in with the water.  He runs out of air while the plane is in flight; the plane then dumps its load of water, with him in it, onto a burning forest.  
A large man comes home to the penthouse apartment he shares with his beautiful young wife, taking the elevator up from the ground floor. He sees signs of lovemaking in the bedroom, and assumes that his wife is having an affair; her beau has presumably escaped down the stairs.  The husband looks out the French windows and sees a good-looking man just leaving the main entrance of the building.  The husband pushes the refrigerator out through the window onto the young man below.  The husband dies of a heart attack from overexertion; the innocent young man below dies from having a refrigerator fall on him; and the wife's boyfriend, who was hiding inside the refrigerator, also dies from the fall.
A young boy is going out to play one afternoon and on his way out he stops off in the garage to check for an ice cream bar in the large chest freezer the family keeps there.  The freezer is new and almost empty as yet, so the boy has to prop himself up on the edge to reach into the bottom to find the ice cream.  He loses his balance and falls into the freezer, with the lid latching shut over him.  Right about then, his older brother arrives home from high school and asks his mom if they have any popsicles in the freezer.  She says no, but she bought some chocolate ice cream that day and he can have some of that if he wishes.  He decides he is not in the mood for chocolate ice cream and goes up to his room to listen to some music.  His brother suffocates.
It's the man's fiftieth birthday, and in celebration of this he plans to kill his wife, then take the money he's embezzled and move on to a new life in another state.  His wife takes him out to dinner; afterward, on their front step, he kills her.  He opens the door, dragging her body in with him, and all the lights suddenly turn on and a group of his friends shout "Surprise!"  He kills himself.  (Note that the whole first part, including the motive, isn't really necessary; it was just part of the original story.)
A man was shot during a robbery in his store one night.  He staggered into the back room, where the telephone was, and called home, dialing by feel since he hadn't turned on the light.  Once the call went through he gasped, "I'm at the store.  I've been shot.  Help!" or words to that effect.  He set the phone down to await help, but none came; he'd treated the telephone pushbuttons like cash register numbers, when the arrangements of the numbers are upside down reflections of each other.  The stranger he'd dialed had no way to know where "the store" was.
The dead man was playing Santa Claus, for whatever reason; he slipped while coming down the chimney and broke his neck.The dead man *was* Santa Claus.  This moves the puzzle to section 2.
The man was a famous artist.  A woman who collected autographs saw him dining; after he left the restaurant, she purchased the check that he used to pay for the meal from the restaurant manager.  The check was therefore never cashed, so the artist never paid for the meal.
The sailor grabbed the fire hose from the deck and used the force of the water from the hose to push the mine away from the hull of the ship.  The water pressure doesn't explode the mine; WWII-style mines contain magnetic sensors which make them explode on contact with a ship's hull.
It's the middle of the night.  The man goes outside to get something from his car, but as the parking lot is set apart from the building, he forgets which room he was in.  His wife is deaf, so he honks the car horn loudly, waking up everyone else in the motel.  The other residents all get up and turn on their room lights; the man then returns to the one dark room.
There's a car wash on that corner.  On rainy days, the rain reduces traction.  On sunny days, water from the car wash has the same effect.  If rain is threatening, though, the car wash gets little business and thus doesn't make the road wet, so I can take the corner faster.
He annoyed the mafia several hours ago; he's now underwater and wearing cement Reeboks.  ("Style is everything, and cement Reeboks sure are stylish.")  (RA)The man is a vampire, about to bite a girl.  Her boyfriend arrives, realizes what is happening, and kills the vampire by driving a wooden stick through his heart.  (This was the original answer, by Kari Hautamaki.  But this answer would move the question to section 2, and I like Russell's answer better anyway.)The man opens his mouth; some killer bees (which tend to prefer attacking darker areas) fly inside and sting him; the swelling of his throat asphyxiates him.  (MI)
The movie is at a drive-in theatre.
The woman is a tightrope walker in a circus.  Her act consists of walking the rope blindfolded, accompanied by music, without a net.  The musician (organist, or calliopist, or pianist, or whatever) is supposed to stop playing when she reaches the end of the rope, telling her that it's safe to step off onto the platform.  For unknown reasons (but with murderous intent), he stops the music early, and she steps off the rope to her death.The woman is a character in an opera, who "dies" at the end of her song.The "woman" is the dancing figure atop a music box, who "dies" when the box runs down.  (Both of the above variants would probably require placing this puzzle in section 2 of the list.)  (See also #1.31a, #1.70a, and #1.75c.)
The woman is a trapeze artist who times her act (from starting time to time to jump for another trapeze) by the music.  The organist changes tempo or stops the music too soon, and the trapeze artist falls to her death.
Charlie was an insect sitting on a chair; the music playing was for the game Musical Chairs.  
Abel is a prince of the island nation that he landed on.  A cruel and warlike prince, he waged many land and naval battles along with his father the king.  In one naval encounter, their ship sank, the king died, and the prince swam to a deserted island where he spent several months building a raft or small boat.  In the meantime, a regent was appointed to the island nation, and he brought peace and prosperity.  When Prince Abel returned to his kingdom, Cain (a native fisherman) realized that the peace of the land would only be maintained if Abel did not reascend to his throne, and killed the prince (with a piece of driftwood or some other impromptu weapon).
Several men were shipwrecked together.  They agreed to survive by eating each other a piece at a time.  Each of them in turn gave up an arm, but before they got to the last man, they were rescued.  They all demanded that the last man live up to his end of the deal.  Instead, he killed a bum and sent the bum's arm to the others in a box to "prove" that he had fulfilled the bargain.  Later, one of them sees him on the subway, holding onto an overhead ring with the arm he supposedly cut off; the other realizes that the last man cheated, and kills him.
This is just a simpler version; the shipwreck situation is the same, and the man actually did send his own arm.
Exactly the same situation as in #1.61a (one slight variation has a hand in the box instead of a whole arm), with the two men being two of the fellow passengers who had already lost their arms.
In this one he's wearing the cape either to disguise the fact that he hasn't really cut off his arm/hand as required, or else simply in order to hide his now-missing limb.  
He is a mail courier who delivers packages to the different foreign embassies in the United States.  The land of an embassy belongs to the country of the embassy, not to the United States.
He is in a hotel, and is unable to sleep because the man in the adjacent room is snoring.  He calls the room next door (from his own room number he can easily figure out his neighbor's, and from the room number, the telephone number).  The snorer wakes up, answers the phone.  The first man hangs up without saying anything and goes to sleep before the snorer gets back to sleep and starts snoring again.(slight) It's a next-door neighbor in an apartment building who's snoring, rather than in a hotel.  The caller thus knows his neighbor and the phone number.
Same situation, from the snoring man's point of view.
The pharmacist gives the man a cup of coffee to drink while he's waiting.  After the man has drunk the coffee, the pharmacist says, "There was poison in that coffee.  I'll give you the antidote if you write a signed statement that you were planning to kill your wife.  I'll keep the confession; if anything happens to your wife, I'll give it to the police."
The chap shaking his foot to dislodge the stone was leanig against a metal light pole.  The other fellow came along and thought that the pole had become 'live' somehow; he thought the first fellow was being electrocuted (and that the muscles in his hand had contracted and he couldn't let go).  So the second fellow rushed over and whacked the first one on the arm, hard.  He apologised for it afterwards.  (A true story, from an Australian newspaper.)
He's riding a bicycle or motorcycle, and he crashes and dies.
He stabbed himself with an icicle.
He stood on a block of ice (or a mound of snow) to hang himself.  The fact that there's no furniture in the room can be added to the statement, but if it's mentioned in conjunction with the puddle of water the answer tends to be guessed more easily.
It was dry ice instead of water ice. 
Mr. H and his new wife are in the hotel for their honeymoon. Mrs. H is upstairs in their suite; Mr. H has stopped for a drink.  In the bar he strikes up a conversation with a complete stranger, Mr. X, who turns out to be a hypnotist.  Mr. H claims he can't be hypnotized; a heated discussion ensues, after which Mr. X hypnotizes Mr. H, telling Mr. H to kill his wife.  (Mr. X intends to stop Mr. H before he actually commits the crime.)  They head for the honeymoon suite, but partway up the stairs Mr. X has a heart attack; he punches Mr. H in an attempt to end the trance before Mr. X dies. (JKM original?)
The solution is essentially the same, except (a) the topic of the lunch discussion was specifically whether someone can be hyponotised to do something they normally would not do, (b) there's no mention in the teaser of the heart attack, and (c) the men are long-time friends.  Also, the hypnotist is a doctor, so he's sure the heart attack will be fatal.  The shooting is non-fatal and is intended to "wake up" the hypnotized friend to keep him from killing his wife.
He worked as a DJ at a radio station.  He decided to kill his wife, and so he put on a long record and quickly drove home and killed her, figuring he had a perfect alibi: he'd been at work.  On the way back he turns on his show, only to discover that the record is skipping.
The same, except it's a tape breaking instead of a record skipping.    (See also #1.31a, #1.59, and #1.75c.)
The radio program is one of the call-up-somebody-and-ask-them-a-question contest shows; the announcer gives the phone number of the man's bedroom phone as the number he's calling, and a male voice answers.  It's been suggested that such shows don't usually give the phone number being called; so instead the wife's name could be given as who's being called, and there could be appropriate background sounds when the other man answers the phone.
They were skydiving.  He broke his arm as he jumped from the plane by hitting it on the plane door; he couldn't reach his ripcord with his other arm.  She pulled the ripcord for him.(sketch) The ring was attached to the pin of a grenade that he was holding.  Develop a situation from there.The ring is the engagement ring that he gave her. She's calling off the engagement.  (JD)
The boat was moving along a river in India when a large snake dropped onto the deck.  The passengers all rushed to the other side of the boat, thereby overturning it.  This is apparently based on a true incident reported in the _World Almanac_.
The woman is a nun, the room is a bathroom in what is supposed to be a women-only area, and the toilet seat has been left up.
A blind man enjoys walking near a cliff, and uses the sound of a buoy to gauge his distance from the edge.  One day the buoy's anchor rope breaks, allowing the buoy to drift away from the shore, and the man walks over the edge of the cliff.
A blind swimmer sets an alarm clock to tell him when and what direction to go to shore.  The first bell is a buoy, which he mistakenly swims to, getting tired and drowning.  Then the alarm clock goes off.  In other variations, the first bell is a ship's bell, and/or the second bell is a hand-bell rung by a friend on shore at a pre-arranged time.The man falls off a belltower, pulling the bell-cord (perhaps he was climbing a steeple while hanging onto the rope), and dies. The second bell is one rung at his funeral.  Could also be a variant on #1.75 (as suggested by Mike Neergaard): the bell-cord breaks when he falls (and there's no second bell involved).The man is a boxer.  The first bell signals the start of a round; the second is either the end of the round or a funeral bell after he dies during the match.  Could also be a variant on #1.75 (as suggested by Mike Neergaard): a boxing match in which the top rope breaks, tumbling a boxer to the floor (and he dies of a concussion).
The sole survivor of a shipwreck reached a desert isle. Unfortunately, he was blind.  Luckily, there was a freshwater spring on the island, and he rigged the ship's bell (which had drifted to the island also) at the spring's location.  The bell rang in the wind, directing him to water.  When he was becalmed for a week, he could not find water again, and so he died of thirst.  
Same as #1.75a, but the blind swimmer kept a portable transistor radio on the beach instead of a bell.  When the batteries gave out, he got lost and drowned.   (See also #1.31a, #1.59, and #1.70a.)
This allows red herrings involving the homonyms "boy" and "buoy" (in some pronunciations).  Only use this wording if you want to intentionally confuse your audience.
Joe is a kid who goes trick-or-treating for Halloween.
The woman is the assistant to a (circus or sideshow) knife-thrower.  The new shoes have higher heels than she normally wears, so that the thrower misjudges his aim and one of his knives kills her during the show.
The husband is a knife-thrower; the woman is his assistant as well as his wife.  She sees him going into an optometrist's office and decides that if he's having trouble with his eyes she doesn't want him throwing knives at her.
The sisters are Siamese twins.
They are Siamese twins.  In the original story, the argument started when one complained about the other's bad hygiene and bad breath. The shooter bled to death  by the time the police arrived.  (RW, based on a 1987 _Weekly World News_ story)
Hans and Fritz do everything right up until they're filling out a personal-information form and have to write down their birthdays. Fritz' birthday is, say, July 7, so he writes down 7/7/15.  Hans, however, was born on, say, June 20, so he writes down 20/6/18 instead of what an American would write, 6/20/18.  Note that this is only a problem because they *claim* to be returning Americans; there are lots of other nations which use the same date ordering.
The gate is the starting gate of a horse race.  The man is a jockey who fell off his horse shortly after it left the gate and got run over by the rest of the horses.  The stick is his riding crop.
The man died from eating a poisoned popsicle.
The woman gave birth, and bled to death.  Since the father has never seen the baby before, the kid can technically be called a stranger.
One of the dead people is a woman; the other is the baby she's just given birth to.  She died in childbirth.
She was on a motorcycle, and her long hair got caught on the car's antenna.  It ripped out part of her scalp and she bled to death. Andreas says this is also based on an actual accident.
The setting is America during WWII.  Greg is a German spy. His "friend" Tim is suspicious, so he plays a word-association game with him. When Tim says "The land of the free," Greg responds with "The home of the brave."  Then Tim says "The terror of flight," and Greg says "The gloom of the grave."  Any U.S. citizen knows the first verse of the national anthem, but only a spy would have memorized the third verse.  (Why Tim knew the third verse is left as an exercise to the reader.)
The object she throws is a boomerang.  It flies out, loops around, and comes back and hits her in the head, killing her.  Boomerangs do not often return so close to the point from which they were thrown, but I believe it's possible for this to happen.(silly) She's in a submarine or spacecraft and throws a heavy object at the window, which breaks.
The dead man was the driver in a hit-and-run accident which paralyzed its victim.  The victim did manage to get the license plate number of the car; now in a wheelchair, he eventually tracked down the driver and shot and killed him.
Same.  (There are variant motives for the killing, but all involve the dead man being responsible for the wheelchair-bound killer's condition.  For instance, the dead man could be a surgeon who made a mistake doing spinal surgery.
The man used to be blind; he's now returning from an eye operation which restored his sight.  He's spent all his money on the operation, so when the train (which has no internal lighting) goes through a tunnel he at first thinks he's gone blind again and almost decides to kill himself.  Fortunately, the light of the cigarettes people are smoking convinces him that he can still see.
The man (a successful artist) has had an accident in which he injured his eyes.  His head is bandaged and he has been warned not to remove the bandages under any circumstances lest the condition be irreversibly aggravated.  He catches the train home from the hospital and cannot resist peeking.  Seeing nothing at all (the same train-in-tunnel situation as above obtains, but without the glowing cigarettes this time), he assumes he is blinded and kills himself in grief.  I like this version a lot, except that it makes much less sense that he'd be traveling alone. 
The two men started at opposite ends of the trench, digging toward each other.  Instead of meeting up, though, they pass each other, meaning that one man dug at a skewed angle, or started at the wrong place. They call their supervisor, who tells them that one man was right and the other must re-dig his half in the right place.
One of them suffocated; the other lived by breathing the air from the spare tire in the trunk.  I'm skeptical that this could work, so I'm leaving it in section 2 for now; if I get confirmation on feasibility, I'll move it to section 1.  
He urinated on the third rail in the New York subway, was knocked onto the tracks by the shock, and was hit by a train and killed. (Experts apparently disagree on whether he died from the electrical shock before the train hit him.)  This is a true story; the man was named Joseph Patrick O'Malley, and Cecil Adams gives the story in _The Straight Dope_, quoting _Where Death Delights_ by Marshall Houta.The man was in a boat on the Amazon.  A tiny fish swam "upstream" into the man whereupon it inflated itself to balloon size, killing him.  (TK)  (I don't know whether fish that can swim up a urethra actually exist or are an urban legend, but all my sources indicate they do exist.  The self-inflation may not be true, though.  Also, the man might have to be standing in the water (rather than in the boat) for the fish to enter his body.)
The man is a lighthouse keeper.  He turns off the light in the lighthouse and during the night a ship crashes on the rocks.  Seeing this the next morning, the man realizes what he's done and commits suicide.
The lighthouse keeper uses his job as an alibi while he's elsewhere committing a crime, but the light goes out and a ship crashes, thereby disproving the alibi.  The lighthouse keeper kills himself when he realizes his alibi is no good.  A man commits a heinous crime, claiming as his alibi that he was onboard a certain ship.  When he learns that (due to a lighthouse failure) the ship was wrecked without reaching port safely, he realizes that his alibi is disproven and commits suicide to avoid being sent to prison.  
The man is a blind midget, the shortest one in the circus. Another midget, jealous because he's not as short, has been sawing small pieces off of the first one's cane every night, so that every day he thinks he's taller.  Since his only income is from being a circus midget, he decides to kill himself when he gets too tall.(slight) Instead of sawing pieces off of the midget's cane, someone has sawed the legs off of his bed.  He wakes up, stands up, and thinks he's grown during the night.There were termites in his cane.
Same.
A midget is jealous of the clown who walks on stilts. He saws partway through the stilts; the clown walks along and falls and dies when they break.  
The two men were bungee jumpers.  They found a secluded wooden bridge and decided to bungee off of it.  One man jumped off after being tied to  the bridge, but at the nadir of his fall, the bridge gave out.  The man who jumped landed on the ground safely since he was fairly close to the earth, but the collapsing bridge fell on top of him.  The other man fell along with the bridge to his death.
He was a skywriter whose plane crashed into another plane.
Same.  I really like this version; I may even replace the older puzzle statement with this one.
"Q" sounds like "queue," suggesting she's standing in line rather than writing the letter Q.
A bunch of people are on an ocean voyage in a yacht.  One afternoon, they all decide to go swimming, so they put on swimsuits and dive off the side into the water.  Unfortunately, they forget to set up a ladder on the side of the boat, so there's no way for them to climb back in, and they drown.The same situation, except that they set out a ladder which is just barely long enough.  When they all dive into the water, the boat, without their weight, rises in the water until the ladder is just barely out of reach.  (also from Steve Jacquot)
He's born in room number 1972 of a hospital and dies in room number 1952.  The numbers can of course vary; it was originally set up with those numbers reversed (born in 1952, died in 1972), but I like it better this way.
It's a wolf pack; they've killed and eaten (most of) the man.
It's a game of Monopoly.
The same; in this case the car token passes Go and the player collects $200.  (from "Mo," whose full name I missed)
The "bicycles" are Bicycle playing cards; the man was cheating at cards, and when the extra card was found, he was killed by the other players.
The same (Bee is another brand of playing cards).
Someone saw the guy conceal a card, and proved the deck was defective by turning it up and pointing out the missing ace.  Or, the game was bridge, and the others noticed the cheating when the deal didn't come out even.  The man had palmed an ace during the shuffle and meant to put it in his own hand during the deal, but muffed it.  (both answers from Mark Brader)
It's daytime; the sun is out.
It's daytime; the room is lit by a window.
Alice is a goldfish; Ted is a cat.  (Or a dog, since the fish's body is still there rather than eaten.)
Same.
Tom and Jean are both fish; it was a baseball, rather than a cat, that broke their tank.  
The man was an amateur mechanic, the book is a Volkswagen service manual, the beetle is a car, and the pile of bricks is what the car fell off of.
It's the cabin of an airplane that crashed there because of the snowstorm.
Same situation, but more concise wording.
Same.
The one who looks around sees his own reflection in the window (it's dark outside), but not his companion's.  Thus, he realizes the other is a vampire, and that he's going to be killed by him.
The native chief asked him, "What is the third baseman's name in the Abbot and Costello routine 'Who's on First'?"  The man, who had no idea, said "I don't know," the correct answer.  However, he was a major smartass, so if he had known the answer he would have pointed out that What was the *second* baseman's name.  The chief, being quite humorless, would have executed him on the spot.  This is fairly silly, but I like it too much to remove it from the list.The question was, "What does the tattoo on my daughter's tush say?" or any other question whose answer reveals that you know more than you should. Of course, for this sort of question one can lie and say one doesn't know even if one does.  (FF)
The poor man is hired by Aladdin to clean his palace.  Aladdin only wants the man to clean part of the palace because he does not wish anyone to enter his bedroom, where he keeps the magic lamp.  The poor man meticulously scrubs the palace from head to toe, and rubs the magic lamp in the process.  The djinn appears; the poor man wishes for riches, and no longer needs the job.
The dead man is Superman; the rock is Green Kryptonite. Invent a reasonable scenario from there.
Should be done orally; the envelope is an envelope of dye, and she's dying some cloth, but it sounds like "opens an envelope and dies" if said out loud.
He was a referee who made a poor call.  He was burned to death by fans reflecting sunlight from their slick-covered game programs.  I suppose this is theoretically possible, but it's rather silly and far-fetched, like most of the stories from that collection; I may not keep it on the list.
Friday is a horse.The town is near the north pole.  Night lasts six months.  (FF)
Spaghetti was the name of her pet dog.  Her husband had it stuffed and mounted after it made a mess on his rug.  (Simon Travaglia original)
A chess game; knight takes pawn.
The two priests are playing chess; one of them just mated by moving his queen.  
The black leader is a chess king, and the game was played in Africa.  
The men have gone spelunking and have taken an Igloo brand cooler with them so they can have a picnic down in the caves.  They cleverly used dry ice to keep their beer cold, not realizing that as the dry ice sublimed (went from solid state to vapor state) it would push the lighter oxygen out of the cave and they would suffocate.
The "island" is a traffic island.
He's a priest; he is marrying them to other people, not to himself.
A baseball game is going on.  The base-runner sees the catcher waiting at home plate with the ball, and so decides to stay at third base to avoid being tagged out.Joe's in the hospital.  He can't go home, because the man in the mask is a surgeon waiting to remove his appendix.  (FF)Joe is a bee; the man in the mask is a beekeeper.
Same.  The diminutive "Johnny" makes it sound like he's a little kid, nicely further obfuscating the issue.
The same, but the catcher isn't right at home plate; the runner is trying to get home before the catcher can.  (from Hal Lowery, by way of Chris Riley)  This phrasing would allow the puzzle to migrate to section 1, but I don't like it as much.
Same.
Bruce is a horse.
True story: in France, shortly after the fall of the Bastille, food shortages became a problem again.  A mob of people went to Versaille to petition the king to do something about the problem.  A small delegation was admitted to meet the king.  One woman, overcome with emotion, could only cry "Pain" (French for "bread") and faint. (Source: Durant, _The Age of Napoleon_, pg. 25)  Note that this only works in printed form, not aloud, because the French word is pronounced more like English "pan" than like English "pain."Nine months earlier, this woman had been impregnated by the previous king, who died soon afterword.  Now, she is giving birth to the new king.  (TV)
The shopkeeper is a French baker.  An American tourist walks into the bakery, pauses to look up/remember the word for "bread" in French, which is spelled "pain."  The American says the word as if it were the English word "pain."  At first the shopkeeper does not understand what the American is saying.  When he does, he gets annoyed with the person's horrible pronunciation.  (He then becomes happy after realizing that he can charge whatever exorbitant amount he wishes because the American doesn't know any better.)  I may eventually make this one the main entry and #2.22 the variant, since this version works better aloud.
This is a post-holocaust scenario of some kind; for whatever reason, the man believes himself to be the last human on earth.  He doesn't want to live by himself, so he jumps, just before the telephone rings... (of course, it could be a computer calling, but he has no way of knowing).A real-world version (with less plausible motivation) has the man being "lonely and despondent" and hoping for phone calls but not receiving any; he finally jumps out the window in despair.  
Same.
In European numbers, the comma is used the same way Americans use a decimal point.  The man thus (Americans would say) ran 19.475 km/hour, which is a pretty good speed at which to run a standard-length (42.195 km) marathon.  I assume most Europeans seeing this item would ask "So where's the puzzle?", but it might be a good puzzle for Americans.  Thanks to Dmitry for providing a more palatable version than the version that languished for years in my outtakes file.
The Eagle landed in the Sea of Tranquility and will likely remain there for the foreseeable future.
The man is a heroin addict, and has contracted AIDS by using an infected needle.  In despair, he shoots himself up with an overdose, thereby committing suicide.
The man walks into a casino and goes to the craps table.  He bets all the money he owns, and shoots craps.  Since he is now broke, he becomes despondent and commits suicide.
Kids getting their pictures taken with Santa.  I see #2.26, #2.27, and #2.28 as different enough from each other to merit separate numbers, although they all rely on the same basic gimmick of alternate meanings of the word "shoot."
It was instant coffee; no water had been added yet.
The man is an astronaut out on a space walk.It's a radiation suit.  (JD, SP)It's a deep-sea diving suit.  (_How Come?_)
It's a model train set.
The Orient Express is a model train which has been left running unattended.  The kitten has playfully derailed it.  
The sun is shining; there's no rain.
It's easy to walk on a lake's surface when the lake is frozen.
She drove the car backward.
The vet could see that the goldfish was dying of old age so to spare the old lady's feelings he dashed out and bought a young but identical fish and disposed of the old one.
Little Billy, as his name suggests, was a goat who unfortunately ate his label, so no one knew where he was supposed to go!
She was returning an overdue library book.
The hair on a man's head is usually at least twenty years older than the hair in his moustache. (This solution is not guaranteed to be biologically correct but it does have an inherent plausibility.)
They were two golfers. In golf parlance, one had hit a "birdie (one under par) and the other an eagle (two under par).
He had left his teaspoon in his cup of tea. When he raised the cup to drink, the teaspoon handle poked him in the eye, temporarily blinding him.
The man was counting the pins as he removed them from a new shirt. Unfortunately, he missed one.
In 72 hours it would be midnight again, so it could not be "bright and sunny.,z
At the exact center of the earth it is impossible to look east or west but you could look north or south.
The blind beggar was the sister of her brother who died.
The truck driver was walking.
The plane is sitting on the ground at the airport in Denver, Colorado.
The priest's surplice had caught fire from one of the candles.
He lays the planks as shown in this diagram.
The two keen sportsmen started at their fitness club, one on the cycling machine and the other on the walking machine. After half an hour of indoor exercise they went for a run. The distance from A to B is 2 miles.
The final chime ended abruptly and without the reverberation of the other chimes.
There was a joker living in a nearby house. Each night, using his rifle and a silencer, he fired a bullet at the bell after the twelfth stroke.
The book is a telephone directory.
First the man took the duck across, then he came back and took the fox over. He left the fox on the far side of the river and returned with the duck. He then left the duck on the near side and took the com over. Then he returned and took the duck across. Pretty straightforward, eh?
The man tied the duck to the back of the boat with a rope. The duck swam along behind the boat as the man ferried the fox and corn over in turn.
He stretches a long rope from point A to point B as shown.
Bill and Ben are laboratory rats. Bill has run through a certain maze many times and has learned to complete it quickly. When Ben is introduced to the course for the first time, it takes him ten times as long.
A duck grabbed the brick in its mouth and flew off with it!
The duck had a brick in its mouth (see previous puzzle)!
The man had recently left his wife to live with his mistress. The angry wife had advertised the man's prized stamp collection for sale, so he quickly bought his own stamps to stop anyone else doing so.
The sheep kept coming to the road because they liked to eat the salt put on the road to stop it freezing.
Pete could play tennis with either hand but he was better as a left-hander. He started off playing right-handed but switched after the first set.
The fugitive leapt up and shouted, Fire, fire!" Pandemonium broke out and the audience all rushed for the exits. He easily escaped in the confusion.
The train was a roller-coaster. The banker had promised to take his nephew for a ride but hated the experience. He was relieved it was over.
The place is Venus, where a day is longer than a year.
The boy's grandmother was Queen Victoria. In this true incident the boy sold the letter for five pounds sterling (over $20 in those days).
Two weeks later, when the couple returned from their honeymoon, the whole family sat down to watch the video of the wedding. They were horrified to see, caught on the camera, the groom going through his father-in-law's pockets and stealing his wallet.
It is a true story and the man was Picasso. The builder wisely decided that by building the extension he would be able to retain Picasso's rough sketch of the plans, which would be worth far more than the cost of the construction work. He was right.
They spread out and waded across the river, which was only six inches deep.
The woman had been shipwrecked. She found a pirate's treasure but was not rescued for seven years.
The patient is a boxer. The last thing he heard was the anesthetist counting 1, 2, 3, 4, and as he comes round he automatically tries to beat the count and resume the fight against his opponent.
The cleric suggested that people throw colored bird seed.
He made the candles that go on birthday cakes.
The dried peas are inside soccer balls for the use of blind people, to enable them to hear the ball.
This story reportedly concerns the youthful Shirley Temple. Her mother told her the lie that her pet dog had been killed in order to induce real sadness and tears for a movie scene which was about to be filmed.
Tom is an infant who is crown prince of his country. Tom's father, the king, has just died leaving a very inexperienced new head of state.
He had seen a man hide in the back of the woman's car as she paid at the gasoline station. He followed her to warn her and was pleased to see her pull into the police station.
The robber's mother was a widow who owed the bank $100,000. The bank had threatened to repossess her house so her son devised a plan. He forged $100,000 and she gave it to the bank messenger, who signed for it. The forgeries were good enough to fool the messenger but would never fool the bank so the son had to rob the messenger before he got back to the bank.
The inspector noticed that the man wrote with his left hand. He asked him to tie a knot. The man was lefthanded and tied a left-handed knot. The knots tied around the hands and feet of the victim were right-handed knots.
The employee discovered an important new product. He left out a primary ingredient in the batch of paper he was making. He was thus responsible for accidentally producing the first blotting paper!
He tied the letter inside a hollowed-out cricket ball (which is about the same size as a baseball). He then had it thrown from man to man with the men standing about 60 yards (55 metres) apart along the entire way.
All seven employees were very religious and they all had different Sabbaths. The Christian took off on Sunday, the Greek Monday, the Persian Tuesday, the Assyrian Wednesday, the Egyptian Thursday, the Arabian Muslim Friday, and the Jew Saturday.
Milligan stuffed animals. The man in the garage had heard that Milligan was a famous local taxidermist and thought that he ran some kind of taxi service!
He had a pain in his back and when he felt it he found a recently stitched incision. The woman was a lure for a crooked surgeon who removed healthy human organs and sold them to rich people needing organ transplants. On examination by X-ray the man found that one of his kidneys was gone!
The woman works at a teaching hospital as an orderly. It is her job to clean bodies and get them ready for student lectures. She collapses when she sees that the body awaiting her is the body of her brother, who had earlier died in an accident. She did not know that he had left his body to science.
He had been hit by a block of frozen toilet waste ejected by
When they finished the rum they broke open the cask to find a body inside. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, bodies were often shipped back to England from Jamaica this way. (British admiral Horatio Nelson's body I was reputedly brought home to England in a barrel of rum after the battle of Trafalgar.)
He and a number of other passengers were making a balloon trip in a desperate attempt to escape from a country. The balloon had to lose weight to stop it from crashing. He drew the short match and had to jump.
This incident took place in South America. The unfortunate man was camping by a river. When he put his hand in the river the blood attracted piranha fish, which removed his finger including the cut!
She was a circus tightrope walker. Her most daring act was to cross a high wire while blindfolded. The band played while she crossed and when the music stopped it was the signal that she had reached the end of the wire and could safely alight. Unfortunately, one day the conductor was taken ill at the last minute and the stand-in conductor, unaware of the importance of the timing, ended the music just a little too soon. She stepped off the wire to her death.
The vet found two human fingers in the dog's throat. They belonged to a burglar. The vet feared that the burglar was still in the house, afraid of the dog and hiding in a closet.
Tom and Joe were the stars of the movie. Tom shot Joe in I a sequence in the movie. When Tom left he was mobbed by fans seeking his autograph.
A few minutes earlier, the man had been the driver in a fatal hit-and-run accident. He drove to the isolated area and made it look as though the car had been stolen and vandalized. He then phoned the police to report his car stolen. (This is a true incident. He was later caught and sent to prison.)
The man was an examiner testing a motorcyclist. He instructed the motorcyclist to go round the block and then to do an emergency stop when the examiner stepped out from the sidewalk. Unfortunately, another motorcyclist of similar appearance came by first. Knowing nothing of the arrangement, he hit the examiner.
During a forest fire some months earlier, a fire-fighting plane had scooped up water from the lake to drop on the fire. The plane had accidentally picked up the unfortunate swimmer.
The man was a secret service agent who had recently killed several enemy agents. He entered a confessional in a church and confessed to the killings. However, he was under suspicion and had been followed. The man he confessed to was not a priest but an enemy agent who had seen him enter the church.
One man tried to open the front door of his van but could not because of the water pressure. The other man climbed into the back of the van, easily opened the sliding door, and thereby escaped.
The man is a lighthouse-keeper. He woke up in the darkness with a nagging feeling that he had forgotten something. He turned on the radio and heard a report that a ship had crashed onto rocks with great loss of life. He realized that it happened because he forgot to start the light that night.
The movie had been shown a week earlier. Susan had taped it then on her videocassette recorder to watch that evening.
The man was the leader of a religious cult. Believing that the world would end that night he had offered his followers the choice of taking poison or seeing the destruction of the world. Many, including his own children, had chosen
He was an Indian brave who sent smoke signals alerting a war party to the approach of a cavalry troop.
The woman was Eve, who gave Adam the forbidden fruit from the tree in the Garden of Eden. By breaking God's instruction, Adam became mortal and died.
Out of mischief, the boy climbed onto the roof of the man's house and placed a plank of wood over the chimney. The man, who had been asleep in his parlor, was suffocated by fumes from his fire.
The man recites the nursery rhyme "This little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed home . . while wiggling each of the baby's toes. But there is one toe too many! To his embarrassment, he finds that the baby has six toes on one foot.
At the time she went into labor, the twins' mother was travelling from Guam to Hawaii. The older twin, Terry, was born on March 1st. Shortly afterwards, the mother crossed the International Date Line and Kerry, the younger twin, was born. The date was February 28th. In leap years, the younger twin celebrates her birthday two days before the older twin, since February 28 is two days before March 1st.
Suppose there are a number of people. Pick one person, A, by lot if necessary. Ask A to cut a piece of the cake that he would be happy with as his share. Now go round the
There is usually a small gap at the top of the envelope where the flap has been folded over. The wife inserted a knitting needle through the gap and under the fold of the letter. By rotating the needle she wound the letter tightly around it. She then removed it, read the letter, and replaced it using the actions in reverse.
The men were sailors, who were often flogged for minor offenses on board ship. Some captains refused to whip a man's back if it carried the image of Christ.
Pat was a Westerner in Tokyo. Houses there are small and, in order to save space, people tend to rent any large item which they might use only occasionally. Most Japanese rent the suitcases they take on holiday.
The answer is 212 matches including the final. There is a very easy way to solve this seemingly difficult problem. Each match must produce one winner and one loser. Everyone except the tournament winner loses exactly once, so the number of matches is exactly the same as the number of losers. So to have 212 losers there must be exactly 212 matches.
The man's wife was an habitual sleepwalker, She had previously opened the front door in her sleep and walked out into the road. He placed the key in the bucket of cold water so that, if she reached into the water to get it, the cold sensation would waken her.
Harry broke a pane of glass. A crack in glass starts in one place and travels across the glass at a speed of over 3000 miles (4800 kilometres) per hour.
The man was a priest conducting a communion service in a nearby church when they ran short of altar wine. Only red wine would do.
The man had a nasty toothache and he went to the dentist at 5 p.m. on a Friday evening. The dentist's assistants, including the anesthetist, had all gone and the dentist could not administer an anesthetic. The man insisted that the dentist should operate even without anesthetic so the dentist said that he would have to strap the man into the chair. This was done. The dentist then suffered a heart attack and died. The poor man was left strapped in the chair and unable to move. It was a holiday weekend and no staff reported for work until 9 a.m. on the following Tuesday morning88 hours later.
This incident reputedly occurred during the war between Israel and Egypt. Because of import duties, Mercedes cars
The building was the Australian National Mint. Over many years, so much gold dust had been absorbed into the fabric of the building that it was well worthwhile to demolish the building, extract the gold, and rebuild.
The man had ordered a bicycle for his son as a gift. The advertisement had not stated that it came in 217 pieces as a self-assembly kit. This was his revenge.
Since the weather report did not specify degrees in Fahrenheit or Celsius/centigrade, the temperature must have been the same in both scales. Only a temperature of -40 degrees is the same in both Fahrenheit and Celsius/ centigrade. That temperature for June would certainly make the place Antarctica.
They are all impostors:
It was a program of contemporary classical music played from a record. The record was played at the wrong I speed5 rpm instead of 33 rpm. Because of the esoteric nature of the composition, this mistake was not noticed until the end of the transmission. It can easily be calculated that the program should have lasted thirty minutes.
A new traffic regulation, designed to encourage car sharing, stated that only cars carrying two or more passengers could use certain lanes of the freeway. This led to motorists buying blow-up dolls to give the appearance that they were carrying passengers!
The criminal sent an invoice to a blind man who had recently died. His widow immediately knew that it must be a scam.
The man was deaf. He had to get up early for an important meeting and he was so worried about oversleeping that he could not get to sleep. After opening the curtains, however, he knew that the sunlight would wake him up, so he was no longer worried and fell asleep easily.
The man wanted to buy a first-class ticket on the maiden voyage of the luxury liner Titanic in 1912. He was refused because he was black. The Titanic sank with great loss of life.
This is a true story from Connecticut. The advertisement was a trap for people who used illegal devices to tap into cable television circuits without paying. It was placed by the owners of the cable television network and could be seen only by people using illegal decoders.The "free T-shirt was soon followed by a letter informing them that they were committing a federal crime and imposing a $2000 fine. The recipients had little choice but to pay up.
The bank was on the sixth floor of a tall building. The staff member who struggled free pressed a security button which froze all the elevators. The gang was trapped inside the elevator until the police came to arrest them.
The robbers discovered to their horror that the currency consisted only of freshly minted coins. All shops and banks were alerted to watch out for anyone trying to exchange large amounts of coin, so the gang was reduced to playing slot machines!
They had been trying to solve a lateral thinking problem this one in fact. When the one posing the problem re- 92
