The man killed himself because he could not afford to pay for the abalone.
The man was served a rare, endangered albatross and the guilt of eating it caused him to take his own life.
The man realized that eating the soup of albatross was a traditional punishment for killing an albatross and thus, he killed himself out of guilt.
The man takes the stairs to avoid taking the elevator on the days when it isn't raining and he is the only one in the elevator, as he is superstitious and believes it to be bad luck.
Emily took the elevator because it was the only way to access the twelfth floor, as the elevator went directly there and the stairs only went up to the tenth floor.
The man figured out that someone had been murdered based on the headline, but he had no additional information.
The man was not injured by the bowling ball, but he was rushed to the hospital because the bowling ball broke a window and shards of glass cut him.
One of the men had poison in his system already, and the identical drinks caused the poison to take effect on one of them.
The bartender was offering the man a warning to not cause trouble in the bar and the man was thanking him for it.
The first woman went into the bathroom and took something that caused the other woman to become angry, so the second woman killed the first in a fit of rage.
The man hung his coat and realized the coat hanger was a noose, and he was about to be hanged.
Craig was a criminal or wanted person and Beulah was trying to capture him, so everyone was much happier when Craig died at sea.
The birdwatcher was so excited to see the unexpected bird that he had a heart attack and died.
The man was killed by something related to breakfast, such as a weapon or an object associated with breakfast.
The man died of fright, as the gun was pointed at him when he died.
The brothers were twins and the crime was committed by one of them, but since they were identical, it was impossible to tell which one was guilty.
The woman locked herself in her room, and set the house on fire before her husband could get home.
The man died of natural causes and the slip of paper was stuck to the cactus before he died.
The two men had been playing a game of Russian Roulette and the gun hadn’t been fired.
The pipe was likely blown from a nearby house by the wind, the pebbles were scattered from the force, and the carrot was uprooted from being near the pipe.
The two dead people were sitting in their cars on a street when a third person shot at them.
The man was killed by someone outside of the car. The murderer shot him through the closed window, and then locked the car doors to make it look like a suicide.
The first man knows what's in the box because the other person doesn't know. The other person is carrying an empty box.
The blood on the ceiling was caused by an altercation taking place in the bedroom.
The man was mourning a loved one who had passed away, and was using the cigarette as a way to remember them.
The woman heated the coffee for two minutes and then opened the door and closed it. This caused the timer to reset for two more seconds and the coffee was heated for a total of two minutes and two seconds.
The cologne was actually poison and he was killed by poisoning.
The man was smuggling illegal goods and was paid to transport them on both cruises.
The man was trying to start a fire to stay warm, but he died of exposure before it could ignite.
The man died from dehydration due to being lost in the desert.
The man died of dehydration and the shoelaces were untied as he was desperately trying to find a way to carry water in his backpack.
The man was stung by a bee and died from an allergic reaction.
The man was killed elsewhere and the parcel was left next to him as a clue.
She lost her job when she refused to invite them to dinner.
The man got fired because his warning was based on a dream and not on any evidence or facts.
The man was getting dressed in his coffin before his funeral.
The man was drinking tea or coffee for breakfast and lunch and his boss was unaware of it. When his boss found out, he was fired from the first job and then moved to another job where his boss was aware of the habit but jokingly said that he would be fired if he stopped.
The man was killed by an unmanned, self-driving car.
The man realized his wife was dead when the elevator stopped at her floor.
The woman died from shock due to the sudden stop of music.
The man realized his wife was dead because the elevator hadn't arrived after standing in the corridor for a few minutes. His wife usually waited in the corridor for him to take the elevator together, so his realization that she wasn't there meant that she was dead.
The man was poisoned and wrote "elf" on the floor in his own blood as a clue to the murderer.
The man died of natural causes and the feather was simply there by coincidence.
The man who ran into the fire was killed by something else, while the man who stayed away from the fire died of natural causes.
The fire was burning on the water surrounding the island and not on the island itself.
The man was killed by a lightning strike.
The man died of starvation.
The man was running along the corridor with a piece of paper in his hand, when the lights started to flicker. He realized that he had left the lights on in one of the rooms and was worried that he would get in trouble. So he dropped to his knees and cried out, "Oh no!"
Mr. Browning was in an area where stopping was not allowed, so he was glad when the car ran out of gas as it gave him an excuse to stop.
The dying man gave the second man a gift of his own life, and the second man accepted it, thus sacrificing his own life for the dying man.
The man died of natural causes, and his wealth was not taken.
The man was a thief who was killed by the chandelier falling on him when he tried to steal the gold and jewels in the room.
The man was trying to avoid leaving fingerprints in the elevator, so he took off one glove and pushed the button with his bare hand, and put the glove back on to avoid leaving fingerprints the next day.
The woman was in shock and was acting on autopilot.
The one who refused the test was the true heir because he knew that the other claimant would not have agreed to the test if he were the real son of the king.
The old man was rushed to the hospital because his hiccups were causing a disturbance to other patients.
The man jumped out of a window in the building and died from the fall.
The man was hit by a marble that was thrown from the building, causing the three holes in him.
The man died of natural causes while in the presence of another person in his own home.
The man was locked in his own home and unable to access water.
The body was likely frozen prior to being discovered in the park, possibly from being stored in a freezer or a cold environment before being dumped.
The man was already dead before entering the forest, and the cause of death was drowning.
The men died after slipping on the ice and glass on the pavement.
The man wanted chocolate ice cream, but he chose not to get it and his brother died as a result.
The man killed his wife outside the house and then went inside and killed himself.
He was trying to avoid something by not turning on the light.
The man committed suicide.
The man had dined and dashed.
The sailor used a pole to push the mine away from the ship, thus saving the lives of the crew and the ship.
The man honked the horn to alert someone inside the motel room that he was leaving.
The man takes the corner faster on cloudy days than on sunny or rainy days.
The man had swallowed a bee and died from anaphylactic shock.
The husband murdered his wife in the movie theater and was able to get her body home without being noticed.
The woman was a musician and died from sudden cardiac arrest while performing.
The woman was killed in a way that made it look like an accident, such as being pushed off a balcony or being poisoned with something that would not be immediately recognized as a murder.
Charlie was killed when the music stopped because he was dancing and was unable to stop in time.
Cain killed Abel in a fit of jealousy after Abel answered Cain's question.
The one-armed man was shooting blanks in the subway as a prank, but the man was so startled by the sudden sound of a gun that he fainted and fell to the ground, resulting in his death.
The package was never sent. The note was in response to the man's offer to send the package.
The men were trying to save someone by throwing the box off the cliff rather than throw the person off.
The man was placing the box on the table as a gift for someone in the room.
He was visiting the different embassies of various countries located in one city, thus visiting multiple countries without ever leaving the city.
The man was listening to a pre-recorded message on the phone.
The caller may have been checking to see if the man was awake.
The pharmacist gave the man a placebo instead of the poison.
The second man saw the first man shaking his foot to dislodge the stone. He thought he was trying to shake something off his foot that he had stolen, and so he tried to catch him. In the process, he broke the first man's arm in three places.
The man was breathing in a poisonous gas and died of asphyxiation.
The man died by suicide, by drowning himself in the puddle of water.
The man was killed by hanging, likely a murder or suicide. The puddle of water indicated that the man was hanged after the room was locked, as the water was likely from the person who locked the room.
The man was hiding in the room and accidentally got locked in, then died due to suffocation.
Mr. X was having a heart attack and punched Mr. H out of reflex.
The two friends had a dispute over the bill and one of them drew a gun to threaten the other.
The man was motivated to take his own life by something he was not expecting to hear on the radio, suggesting that he was already suicidal.
The man was electrocuted due to a faulty sound system.
The man was listening to a news report on the radio about his wife's death, prompting him to turn around and go home to shoot himself in grief.
The man had given the woman a ring, but she gave it back.
The riverboat was struck by a hidden rock, causing it to capsize and drown the passengers.
The woman was startled by something she saw in the room.
The man was killed by the ringing bell, which was set off by the rope breaking.
The man was a monk, and the bell ringing was a sign of his death.
The man was holding his breath and the wind stopped, causing him to suffocate.
The man died of a heart attack when the music stopped.
The boy was killed by the rope breaking, and the bell ringing was a warning of the boy's death.
Joe left his house with a full sack and returned with an empty sack. He had taken something from his house and put it into the sack, then turned out the lights in the room.
The woman bought the shoes, but she never got to wear them because she died before she could put them on.
The woman saw her husband entering a place of business and realized that he was doing something without her knowledge, which caused her to insist on dissolving their partnership.
The judge realized that the woman was the only living heir to her husband's estate and that punishing her sister would leave her as the sole beneficiary, so he declared her not guilty.
The man's brother committed suicide by shooting himself in front of the man.
Hans was arrested because he did not have the correct documents to enter America, while Fritz was able to use the documents he had and was allowed to enter.
The man was using the stick to prop the gate open so he could enter, but he had a heart attack before he could make it through.
The man died of natural causes and two sticks were placed near his head in a cross formation to signify the crossing over of his soul.
The wife died from a lack of oxygen due to the windows being closed and the doors being locked. The stranger was already in the car when the man left and had no way of getting out.
The two people inside the car died from suicide, likely by carbon monoxide poisoning.
The woman died of suicide by jumping out of the car.
Tim and Greg were engaging in a code phrase, and Greg's response alerted the authorities that something was amiss, leading to Greg's arrest.
The woman threw out a poisonous gas and died from it.
The man was run over by another car, leaving tire tracks leading up to and away from his car.
The man committed suicide by driving his car into the garage, and the snow covered the evidence of the car’s entry.
The man was in a non-smoking car, so he was safe from the danger of fire or smoke.
The man was a railway employee who was killed while on duty.
The men called someone to arbitrate their argument, one left with the person they called while the other continued to dig.
The alive man had a container of oxygen, while the dead man did not.
The man urinated on an electric fence and was electrocuted.
The man was in someone else's home, and when he looked out the window he saw that he was in the wrong house. He realized that he had broken into the house and killed himself in shock and fear of the consequences.
The man died from lack of oxygen due to the light going out.
The man was killed when the sawdust and pieces of wood were set on fire, resulting in the man's death due to smoke inhalation.
The man was looking for a potential hiding place and chose to hide in the sawdust.
The man was suffocated by the sawdust.
The two men were trying to build a fire by rubbing two pieces of wood together with the rope. They failed and died from smoke inhalation.
The interruption was caused by a technological malfunction that made it impossible for the writer to continue writing, leading to him never writing again.
The woman died from fright due to the thunderstorm outside.
The woman was so scared by the lightning that she had a heart attack and died.
The yacht was passing by and the corpses were already in the ocean, likely due to a shipwreck.
The man was born in 1952 and died in 1972 at the age of 20.
The man died of exhaustion from carrying the heavy pack on his back in the harsh conditions of the Arctic.
The man was trying to sell the car to the hotel owner in order to pay off his debts.
The man was hit by a car and awarded compensation.
The man died of natural causes and the bicycles were placed in the room in his memory.
The man died of a bee sting allergy.
Two items were never added in the first place.
The car driver was able to sense the man's presence in the darkness and turn the car in time to avoid him.
Elsa's room is illuminated by a light that turns on when she opens the door and turns off when she closes the door.
Ted was not prosecuted or severely punished because Alice was killed by an act of God, such as a lightning strike or an earthquake, that caused her to be struck by a piece of flying glass.
Romeo and Juliet had been using a love potion to make the other fall in love with them. Romeo had unknowingly used a potion that was too strong, leading to Juliet's death.
The two of them died in a house fire and the puddle of water, broken glass, and baseball were all left behind in the aftermath.
The man was likely killed by something else, and the bricks and beetle were simply nearby when it happened.
The two people in the cabin died of exposure to the cold after getting lost in the snowstorm while they were sleeping.
The man committed suicide.
The people died from carbon monoxide poisoning from a faulty heater.
The person playing cards realized he was going to die because he was in a dangerous situation and noticed something ominous.
The tribal chief asked the man a question that no one could answer, so the man was spared.
The rich man was unhappy with the poor man cleaning the entire house and not just the one wing, so he refused to pay him for the extra work, causing the poor man to leave.
The man was likely killed by someone else, but there isn't enough evidence to determine the exact cause of death.
The envelope was full of paint powder and when the woman opened it, she was covered in the dye from the powder.
The man was killed when he crossed the street without seeing an oncoming car due to his poor eyesight.
The man left on Friday, the same day he arrived.
The woman came home to find her husband had thrown spaghetti on the wall, which made her angry and she killed him in a fit of rage.
The man was a magician and the horse was magical. The man used the horse to jump over the tower, and then he used a magical spell to disappear.
The Queen and King were exchanging their wedding vows, and the two priests were witnesses to the ceremony.
The leader died of natural causes.
They died of hypothermia due to the cold weather.
The man realized he was going to die on the island and accepted his fate, so he had no fear.
The man was already married to all of the women, so he was not charged with polygamy.
The man in the mask is actually Joe's friend, and he was waiting for Joe to surprise him. Joe was scared at first, but then realized that the man was his friend and was able to go home eventually.
Johnny was afraid of the dark and imagined a man in the mask.
The man wearing the mask was trying to protect the other man from something else in the field.
The other man was running away from something else and the man in the mask was standing in his way, so the other man was running towards the man in the mask to avoid it.
The race was rigged, and someone else was awarded the trophy.
The woman was in so much awe of meeting the king, she was overwhelmed with emotion and fainted!
The man was looking for paint and the storekeeper was annoyed because the man didn't say the full word.
The man was regretting having not answered the telephone before jumping out of the window.
The man was trying to avoid taking a phone call and jumped out of the window in an attempt to escape it.
Jacques Dubois actually finished last in the race, but the newspaper reported his time as if he had finished first.
The ship was deliberately scuttled in order to hide its valuable cargo or as an insurance fraud.
The man accidentally shot himself.
The man had shot himself with a gun that was already in the room.
The man and woman were taking pictures of the children and the man was trying to keep the children from crying so that the pictures would turn out better.
Harry used a fork to lift the sugar cube out.
The man was wearing a suit made of a flammable material, and the tear caused a spark that ignited the fabric and caused the man to burn to death.
The train was passing through the station without stopping.
The kitten was most likely nearby when the Orient Express derailed and was not involved in causing the derailment.
The umbrella was actually upside down, so it didn't let any water through!
The woman must have had supernatural powers.
Amy drove her car in a circle, with a radius of a quarter mile, in a counter-clockwise direction.
The vet simply changed the water in the fish bowl.
Billy got off the train at a stop before his destination in order to find his parents.
The woman had actually mistaken the man behind the counter for a bookseller. She had handed him a book and offered to buy it, but the man was not a bookseller and hadn't realized his mistake. He accepted the money, not realizing that the woman had not received the book she expected.
The hair on a man's head goes grey before the hair on his moustache does due to the differences in the structure of the hair follicles on the head and the moustache. The hair follicles on the head are more sensitive to aging, so they go grey first.
They were talking about shots they had taken with their cameras.
The man was drinking iced tea, and the cold temperatures caused his eyes to freeze and temporarily blind him.
The man was counting steps and he miscounted which caused him to take a wrong step, resulting in a sharp pain in his back.
John knew the weather forecast was wrong because he was expecting it to be wrong. He knew it was going to be sunny in 72 hours due to the news report he heard the day before, which said it would be clear in 72 hours.
You would be standing at the exact center of the world, with the Equator running through it.
The blind beggar and the brother who died were siblings.
The police officer recognized the truck driver and knew that he was lost, so he chose to let him go instead of issuing a citation.
The plane was actually flying over the mountains, not into them.
The godmother was trying to get a spider off of the priest's back.
The man can place the planks across the lake in an "X" shape, with one plank overlapping the other in the middle. He can then stand on the planks and walk to the island without getting wet.
The two sportsmen traveled in a circular path, starting and ending at point A. Since the cyclist was traveling faster than the walker, he was able to make up for the time lost when the walker had a head start. The distance traveled would be equal to the circumference of the circle.
The detective realized he was listening to a recording because church bells never ring on Sunday morning.
The clock was striking 13 times to indicate that the vicar had died.
The book is the Bible, which is widely available but not sold in bookstores or available to borrow from libraries.
He first took the fox across the river. He then returned with the boat and took the duck across the river. He then returned with the boat and took the corn across the river.
The man took the duck across first, then took the fox back, leaving the duck on the other side. He then returned with the corn, leaving the fox on the original side, and finally returned for the duck.
The man can build a raft or find materials to construct one and use it to get across the river.
Bill runs around the track and Ben runs around the inside of the track, making Ben have to run ten times further than Bill.
The duck had the old man's pipe in its mouth.
The duck had the pipe in its mouth as the old man had thrown it out of the window and the duck had managed to retrieve it.
The stamp collector was disappointed because he realized he could have gotten the collection for an even lower price if he had negotiated.
The sheep were actually trying to avoid the cold wind in the fields, so they were seeking out the shelter of the road.
Pete had been intentionally losing the first set in order to entice Jim to bet more money on the match. He then used the extra money as motivation to win the two subsequent sets.
The man used the element of surprise and created a distraction. He stood up and shouted "Fire!" causing the other people in the theatre to panic and create enough chaos for the man to escape unnoticed.
Bernard was worried because he realized that he left his briefcase on the train, but when he alighted, he realized that he had left it at his office.
The place has a positive impact when you like it, but a negative impact when you hate it; thus the time spent there is directly proportional to the opinion of the person.
The boy was pleased because he was expecting a scolding from his grandmother and was surprised to receive a lecture instead.
The father of the bride realized that the only person who had been near his wallet was the thief, so he asked the thief to return his wallet in exchange for not telling anyone.
The builder was actually advertising his services and the man was selected as a test case for the builder to showcase their work.
The army crossed the river in relative safety by crossing the bridge one soldier at a time, with the others providing cover fire.
The woman was afraid that the box may have belonged to someone else and was too afraid to report its discovery or return it.
The patient was not expecting to be operated on, did not have any prior knowledge of the operation, and was unaware of the surgeon's identity. The patient was in shock when he realized that he was on the operating table and reacted by striking the surgeon in panic.
The clergyman suggested that instead of throwing something at the married couple, they should throw something else away from them.
The manufacturer sells lies detectors or truth verification services.
The dried peas were put inside the soccer ball to act as a rattle, to make a noise and attract customers.
The mother told the daughter that her pet had been hit by a car and killed to make the daughter appreciate the value of life and the importance of cherishing the time she has with her pet.
Tom was given the job because he was a child prodigy and had a genius level of intelligence.
The stranger was a thief who was trying to steal the woman's gasoline.
The robber wanted to make sure that nobody could trace the money back to him, so he burnt it to destroy the serial numbers.
The banker was kidnapped and held for ransom; the kidnapper wanted money in exchange for the banker's release.
The employer was pleased because the ruined batch of factory output had been an experimental one and the employee had just saved the employer from wasting any more money on it.
They delivered the messages by carrier pigeon.
The man hired six employees to work in shifts, so that each day one of them had a day off.
Milligan owned an eagle and offered Chuck a room for the night, so he could use the eagle to fly Chuck to Dublin in the morning.
The man realized he had been tricked and the woman he thought was beautiful was actually a man.
She fainted due to the fumes from the cleaning supplies.
The sailor was killed by the force of the boom as it swung across the boat.
The workmen got a nasty surprise when they realized the cask of rum they had been drinking was actually the owner’s property and they had to pay for it.
The man was struck by lightning and was holding the match when it broke due to the electrical current.
The water was actually boiling hot, and the heat from the water sealed the cut on his finger, making it disappear.
She was a musician performing on stage and the music stopped when she died suddenly.
The vet was calling to warn her that the dog had been poisoned and the poison was in her home.
Tom had shot blanks and Joe was in on the prank. The other people had seen Tom leave, so the police assumed he was innocent.
The man was trying to make the car look vandalized, in order to claim insurance money for the damage.
The man was trying to save the motorcyclist from an accident.
The man was lost in the forest and died of dehydration.
The shooter was waiting outside the building for the man to come out of the dark room, and the shooter knew that the man was in the dark room.
The driver who escaped used the air pockets created by the water pressure to breathe, while the other driver did not.
The man switched on the light to orient himself and escape the dark room.
Susan was aware of the crash and knew her husband was on the flight but was in denial, so she continued to watch the movie to distract herself.
The man was expecting a beautiful view outside the window, but instead he was greeted with a bleak and depressing outlook, which caused him to take his own life.
The man was carrying a blanket filled with a contagious virus, and when he walked up the hill, the wind spread the virus to the people below, causing them to die.
The woman gave the man something to not eat, such as a drug, which caused him to die.
The little boy shouted something from outside and the sound caused a heart attack in the man sitting inside.
The man was embarrassed because he realized he was reciting the nursery rhyme to the wrong baby.
Kerry and Terry celebrated their birthdays on different days, but two days apart, as they are twins born on different days.
The person cutting the cake should cut it into unequal pieces, and the person choosing should choose one piece.
She opened the letter by steaming it open and then used an iron to reseal the envelope.
The people may have gotten these tattoos to mark a difficult journey they have all gone through, such as overcoming addiction or surviving a tragedy.
The assistant was likely suggesting that renting a suitcase would be more cost effective for a short-term trip, as opposed to buying a suitcase which is more suitable for long-term trips.
The least number of matches that must be played to decide an overall winner is 212.
The man was trying to prevent the key from freezing in cold weather, so the bucket filled with water provided insulation.
Harry created a sound wave that traveled at over 3000 miles per hour.
The man was looking for a free drink and was disappointed when the bartender offered to give him a different one.
The man was trying to avoid being detected by something.
The man was attempting to bury the cars as a form of protest against consumerism and materialism.
The original building was demolished to increase its value, as the new building was more expensive than the original.
The man was sending a message by tearing the cheque into exactly 217 pieces. It was a form of communication with someone who understood the meaning behind the number 217.
The temperature was 0 degrees, the place was the North or South Pole.
All of these animals are small and can be kept as pets.
The program was supposed to end eight minutes early due to a mistake made by the radio station.
The change in state traffic regulations allowed sex shops to offer delivery services, which made it more convenient for customers to buy their goods which in turn led to an increase in trade for local sex shops.
The police eventually caught the criminal by monitoring the obituary columns and setting up a sting operation when a new invoice was sent out. They sent out a fake invoice and caught the criminal when he tried to collect payment.
The man opened the drapes to let in light from outside, allowing him to fall asleep easily.
The man was refused because the item had been advertised at a price lower than the actual price, and he was glad not to have paid more than he should have.
The man realized that the offer of free T-shirts was too good to be true and was concerned about giving out his personal information such as his size and address.
The bank staff wrote down the license plate number of the getaway car and gave it to the police, allowing them to quickly apprehend the gang.
The gang was frustrated because the money was all in coins and was too heavy to carry away.
The four people were actually playing a game of charades and the fourth person had just made a guess that the other three found to be incorrect. As part of the game, they jumped up and performed a mock beating.
