The man must have been suffering from a terminal illness and he knew he did not have much longer to live, so he decided to take his own life by eating the abalone.
The man killed himself because the albatross is a protected species and it is illegal to eat it.
The man killed himself because he knew he was eating an albatross soup and was aware of the cultural taboo surrounding it.
The man takes the elevator to the tenth floor and walks up two flights of stairs because he is trying to save energy by not taking the elevator all the way to the twelfth floor.
Emily took the elevator to the ninth floor because the twelfth floor was too dangerous for her to access directly.
The man was reading the newspaper article to find out information about the murder that he was already aware of.
The man accidentally dropped the bowling ball on himself, causing him to be injured and needing to be rushed to the hospital.
One of the drinks was a shot of alcohol and the other was a glass of water.
The man was not expecting the bartender to pull out a gun and was scared. He thanked the bartender and left the bar without a drink.
The woman who entered the bathroom had a weapon, and she knew the other woman. She came out of the bathroom and used the weapon to kill the other woman.
The man had a premonition that he was going to die that day when he went to hang his coat and was filled with fear.
Craig's death was an accident, causing less suffering than Beulah's death which was likely due to criminal activity.
The birdwatcher was killed by a predator, likely a larger bird of prey, while trying to observe the unexpected bird.
The man was killed by a poisonous food item.
The man was killed by the gun's muzzle blast, which caused a fatal injury.
The two brothers are twins and the crime was committed by one of them, but since they are identical it is impossible to prove which one.
The woman in France in 1959 was waiting for her husband to come home in her locked room when she was suddenly overcome by carbon monoxide poisoning. The fire had started outside the house and the smoke had filled the room, killing her.
The man was killed by someone and the slip of paper stuck to the cactus was evidence left at the scene of the crime.
The two men were likely playing a game of poker and one of them used the gun in a moment of anger, resulting in both of them being killed.
The carrot was probably planted in the field, the pipe was probably used for irrigation, and the pile of pebbles was used to mark the spot where the carrot was planted.
Both drivers died of natural causes while sitting in their cars.
The man was poisoned and the gun was placed in the backseat to make it look like a suicide.
The first man was able to guess the contents of the box because it was sealed.
The blood might have been from a broken object, a pet, or even a pest. It is possible that an intruder was in the room, or that something in the room fell and caused the blood.
The man was in the military and on a leave in a tropical island. He was reading a goodbye letter from a loved one and was overcome with emotion, which is why he was crying. The cigarette burning down between his fingers was simply an oversight due to his emotion.
The woman heated her coffee for two minutes, opened the door, closed it and then heated it for an additional two seconds.
The man was killed by someone who had poisoned the cologne his wife gave him for his birthday.
The man made money on both cruises by gambling in his cabin. He made $250,000 from the two-week cruise and the three-day cruise.
The man died from heat exhaustion and had attempted to light a match to signal for help.
The man likely died of dehydration or heat stroke in the desert.
The man died from tripping and falling while walking in the desert. His shoelaces were untied which caused him to trip.
The man was attacked in the field and killed.
The man was likely killed outside the post office and the parcel was likely left near him by the person who did it.
She was fired for inviting her employers to dinner.
The boss fired the man for telling him not to take the flight, regardless if he believed the warning or not.
The man committed suicide.
The man was fired from his first job for drinking his breakfast and lunch, but the second job he got was more lenient. His boss jokingly told him he would be fired if he stopped drinking his breakfast and lunch, but it was a joke and the man was not actually in danger of being fired.
The man was killed when he was hit by the car without a driver.
The man got onto the elevator on one floor, and when it stopped on another, he noticed his wife's wedding ring on the floor, indicating she had already been on the elevator and must have passed away.
The woman was murdered intentionally when the music stopped.
The man realized his wife was dead when he saw the elevator was not working and he was stuck in the building with no way out.
The man was killed by someone on the train and wrote "elf" in his own blood before dying, possibly as a clue to his murderer's identity.
The man died of natural causes and the feather simply fell near him.
The man ran into the fire to escape the danger of something else, while the man that stayed where there was no fire died from the danger of something else.
The island was small enough that the fire had burned out on its own before reaching the people.
The man was murdered by the person who triggered the flash of light.
The man had access to the room but the room was empty, so he had no way of surviving and he died.
The man was running along the corridor with a piece of paper in his hand when the lights flickered. He was scared, thinking the lights flicker meant someone was coming after him, and dropped to his knees in fear.
Mr. Browning was trying to avoid an unpleasant situation or person and was happy that the car ran out of gas as it gave him an excuse to leave.
The dying man gave the other man a lethal gift, which the second man was unaware of. The gift caused the second man to die shortly after the first man.
The man was likely killed by someone entering the room through the open window and taking the gold and jewels.
The man died of natural causes and the rays of sunlight coming in through the window illuminated the pile of gold and jewels on the floor.
On the first day, the man took off a glove to press the button for the tenth floor because the elevator buttons were dirty. On the second day, the man put on a glove to press the button for the tenth floor.
The woman was aware something was wrong but she was in shock and acted instinctively, putting away the groceries and making dinner before processing what had happened.
The one who refused the test was the true heir because they knew that the advisor already knew their identity and they trusted the advisor to make the right decision.
The old man was rushed to the hospital because the hiccups could have put him in danger as it can be indication of a serious underlying medical condition.
The man was killed by someone striking him with a blunt object.
The man was killed by a falling object that went through the holes in the marble building and hit him.
The man died due to an accidental cause in his own home.
The man was unable to access the water in his own home and died of thirst.
The man likely died from exposure to cold temperatures after being severely injured. He was likely left outside in the summer, where temperatures drop significantly at night, leading to hypothermia.
The man drowned in the dead forest.
The men died of hypothermia due to the cold weather and the presence of ice and broken glass on the pavement.
The brother did not want chocolate ice cream, which led to his death in an accident that could have been prevented.
The man killed his wife outside the house and then went inside and killed himself.
The person was in a dark room and did not turn on the light. As a result, they died from whatever was in the room that they could not see.
The man was killed by someone else in the room.
The man was the restaurant owner and the meal was a complimentary one.
The sailor risked his life and was able to diffuse the mine, thus saving the lives of the crew and the ship.
The man was honking the horn to signal someone else and attract their attention.
The man was speeding around the corner when the clouds came, making him more cautious and thus slowing him down.
The man was likely electrocuted, and the shock caused his immediate death.
The husband planned the death of his wife and managed to get her body home without attracting attention.
The woman was in the same room as the music, and when the music stopped, someone else caused her death.
The woman was murdered by a skilled assassin who made it look like an accident.
Charlie was playing a game where the music was being played by a person or device and when the music stopped, Charlie died.
Cain killed Abel out of jealousy after Abel answered his question. He was aware of Abel's identity before he asked him, but Abel may not have been aware of Cain's identity.
The one-armed man on the subway pulled out a gun and shot the man, killing him because the gun was loaded.
The man sent a package to someone in Europe and the recipient opened it and sent a note back thanking him for it.
The two men intentionally threw the box off of the cliff.
The man was leaving a mystery or a surprise for someone in the room.
The man was traveling by a cruise ship, which travels to multiple countries in a single day.
The man was making a prank phone call.
The man was startled by the unexpected call but the caller hung up before he could answer it.
The pharmacist gave the man a placebo instead of poison so that he would think he had killed his wife but actually she would be safe.
The second man was not angry with the first man, he was a thief who was trying to take advantage of the fact that the first man was distracted. He saw an opportunity to rob the first man and broke his arm to immobilize him.
The man was killed by the sudden release of pressure from the containers, which caused him to fall and his harness to fail.
The man was likely murdered by someone who locked the room from the outside after killing him.
The man committed suicide by hanging himself and the water was from his body as it dripped off of him.
The man committed suicide by hanging himself in the locked room.
Mr. X was feeling chest pains and hit Mr. H first, which was not intentional.
The shooter intentionally killed the victim, whom they knew, by firing a gun inside the restaurant.
The man was suicidal and had a gun, so he pulled over to the side of the road and shot himself.
The man died due to a natural cause, such as a heart attack, caused by the sudden shock of the music stopping.
The man was angry about something his wife had done and the radio was a distraction to help him cool off. When he returned home, he couldn't control his anger and shot his wife.
The woman grabbed the man's ring, pulled on it, and managed to take the ring off his finger.
The riverboat capsized due to a mechanical failure or other human error.
The woman was startled by something in the room, causing her to scream.
The rope was connected to a bell, and when it broke, it rang the bell and alerted someone that the man had died.
The man was a monk in a monastery and the bell ringing signified the death of another monk in the monastery.
The man suffocated due to the lack of wind.
The man died of shock when the music suddenly stopped.
The rope breaking caused the bell to ring, alerting someone that the boy had died.
Joe went out and gathered something in the sack, then returned home and put the items in the dark room so they would not be seen.
The woman died of a heart attack or another medical condition brought on by the new shoes she purchased, which caused her to go to work and ultimately die.
The woman was surprised to see her husband entering the place of business and assumed that he had an intention to deceive her, prompting her to dissolve their partnership.
The woman's husband was murdered by her sister intentionally, but the sister could not be punished due to legal technicalities.
The man felt so fed up with his brother's behavior that he pulled out a pistol and shot him dead. He then sat down to die in grief and remorse.
Hans and Fritz attempted to enter America as tourists, but their plan failed and Hans was the only one arrested.
The man was trying to reach the gate when he died from exhaustion or some other natural cause while carrying the stick.
The man was killed by a sword duel as indicated by the two sticks crossed near his head and the pool of his blood.
The stranger must have had a key to the car and killed the woman while the man was away.
The two people likely died from carbon monoxide poisoning, as there was a lot of blood and the car was locked from the inside.
The woman was killed in some way related to the car, such as a car accident or a drive-by shooting.
Greg was arrested for quoting a line from a banned book in public.
The woman died from jumping out of the window after throwing the object.
The man committed suicide by driving his car into a wall or cliff.
The man drove into the garage and was killed inside, possibly by an assailant waiting for him inside.
The man was in a smoking car, but he didn't die because the smoke saved him from a fatal accident.
The man died of natural causes on the train he does not ordinarily catch.
The two men were arguing over who should finish the job and they called someone to help settle the dispute. The man who left was the one who lost the argument.
The man who survived was able to open the trunk from the inside, while the other man was unable to do so.
The man was electrocuted while urinating in a public restroom due to faulty wiring.
The man saw an animal outside the window, which scared him enough to cause him to scream and kill himself.
The man died when someone deliberately turned off the lights while he was in a dark room, causing him to have a fatal accident.
The man was killed by someone else in the room. The wood and sawdust was left over from the murder weapon which was used to kill the man.
The man was looking for a place to live and chose to live in the sawdust.
The man was in a woodworking shop and fell into a pile of sawdust, resulting in his death.
The rope was used to tie the two men together and the pile of wood was used to start a fire.
The writer was interrupted by a stranger, which caused him to become so startled and scared that he never wrote again.
The woman died from an electric shock caused by a lightning strike that passed through the building.
The lightning struck the woman directly and killed her.
The yacht was abandoned and drifted until it encountered the corpses in the ocean. There were no survivors.
The man was born in 1972, but due to a miscalculation with the calendar, his birthdate was recorded as 1952, so he died before his actual birthday in 1972.
The man was an experienced explorer who got lost and ran out of supplies while trying to make his way out of the arctic. He eventually succumbed to the harsh conditions and died, with a pack filled with supplies still on his back.
The man was asking the hotel owner for help since he was bankrupt and he had no money to fix the car.
The man was surprised by the sudden appearance of the car and received money unexpectedly.
The man was the victim of a bicycle accident.
The man was poisoned and the bees were attracted to the smell of the poison, hence the fifty-three bees.
The two missing items were the number '3' and the letter 'e'.
The driver of the car was able to avoid hitting the man in black due to their car being painted black, allowing them to see the man in the dark and turn in time to avoid hitting him.
Elsa has a switch at the door that turns off the light when she leaves the room, so the light is still on when she is in the middle of the room and it doesn't get dark until she reaches her bed.
Ted was able to prove that Alice killed herself, due to the circumstantial evidence present at the scene.
Romeo killed Juliet because he was under the influence of a spell cast by a witch.
Tom and Jean were killed by someone who threw a baseball through the window, which caused the glass to break and the two of them to be killed by the shards.
The man was killed by the beetle, which was attracted to the pile of bricks and crawled onto the book. When the man came too close the beetle bit him, resulting in his death.
The two people likely died of hypothermia due to the heavy snowfall. They had likely been seeking shelter in the cabin, but were not able to get inside due to it being locked.
The man likely died from hypothermia or exposure, since he was sitting alone in a cabin on the side of a mountain.
The people in the cabin died due to foul play, as there was evidence of a struggle and no one was alive when the cabin was opened.
The two people were playing Russian roulette and one of them realized that it was their turn to die.
The tribal chief asked the man a riddle, and if he had known the answer he would have been killed for being too clever. The man was able to guess the correct answer and saved his life.
The rich man appreciated the hard work of the poor man and rewarded him with payment for his extra effort. The poor man was so pleased with the payment that he decided to quit his job and look for other opportunities.
The man died of heat exhaustion and was found lying next to a rock which provided some shade.
The envelope contained a letter with a surprise announcement, such as a wedding invitation, that caused the woman to become so emotional that she fainted.
The man died because he was unable to see an oncoming danger, likely a car or other moving object, due to his poor eyesight and was unable to avoid it.
The man rode into town on Friday and left the same day, Friday, without staying in town for more than a day.
The woman came home and saw her husband had been cheating on her with spaghetti sauce on the wall, so she killed him in a fit of rage.
The man was a magician and had cast an illusion spell on himself to make himself disappear when the horse landed on him.
The priests left together to show respect to the queen, who had just attacked the king in an act of self-defense.
The leader died of natural causes while in political power in Africa.
The two men died of hypothermia due to the cold weather.
The man was able to survive on the island due to some other means, such as fishing or gathering fruits.
The man was likely performing a religious ceremony in which polygamy is allowed, such as a Hindu ceremony.
Joe was aware that the man in the mask was waiting outside of his home to harm him, so he was not able to go home.
Johnny was in danger because the man in the mask was someone that he knew, but he was not a friend and he was not a robber, possibly an enemy.
The man in the mask was trying to protect himself from the other man, so he was running away from him.
The man in the mask was trying to protect the other man from something, and the other man was running away from it.
Bruce finished in first place and the other participants had a chance to win, but Bruce was not rewarded with a trophy for his victory.
The woman had a pain in her body and fainted when she met the King, who was startled and offered help.
The storekeeper was expecting the man to pay for the items in the store, and was surprised when he said "pain" instead.
The man jumped out of the window in an attempt to escape from a situation, but realized he had made a mistake when he heard the telephone ring.
The man was trying to escape from something and jumped out of the window intentionally, but regretted it when the phone rang.
Jacques Dubois was competing in a race held in France and finished first. His average speed was 19,475 km/hour.
The ship sank due to some reason, such as a leak, a collision or running aground.
The man shot himself with a gun that was registered to him and died as a result of his suicidal act.
The man entered the room, took out a gun, and shot himself, killing himself in the process.
The adults were handing children to a man who was trying to comfort them while a woman was shooting them with a gun.
Harry used a spoon or other tool to lift the sugar cube out of the coffee before it dissolved.
The man was wearing a suit made of a material that was highly flammable and when it tore, it set the man on fire, causing him to suffer cardiac arrest and die.
The train had arrived at the final station of its route and no passengers were allowed to board or disembark, so the passengers waiting at the station remained where they were.
The passengers on the Orient Express survived the crash, but some of them were injured. The kitten was not hurt in the crash and had no relation to the passengers.
They were standing in a doorway or under an overhang, so the umbrella wasn't necessary to keep them dry.
The woman was walking on water as part of a religious event or miracle.
Amy drove her car west for a quarter mile and then turned around and drove back east for a quarter mile, ending up facing the same direction she started in.
The vet had simply changed the water in the bowl, which was the cause of the goldfish's illness.
Billy got off the wrong train at a station before his destination and was unable to find his way to his new home.
The man was running a book exchange and the woman had brought a book to exchange for four dollars. The man kept the book and gave the woman the money.
The man's grey hair is caused by the lack of melanin in his hair follicles due to declining hormone levels. The same phenomenon occurs in female hair.
They were talking about their accuracy in throwing stones at a bird in order to scare it away.
The man was blinded by a flash of sunlight reflecting off a shiny object in the room.
The man miscounted and was shocked by an electric shock from a device hidden in the chair he was sitting in.
John had access to a more accurate weather forecast than the one on the news, and knew the forecast was wrong.
The man is standing on the equator, as it is the only place on Earth where one can look both north and south but not east or west.
The blind beggar was the brother's older sibling.
The police officer was aware of the truck driver going the wrong way, but did not try to stop him because he was off-duty and not authorized to make a traffic stop.
The plane was going downhill, so it was able to safely pass the mountains without taking any evasive action.
The godmother was trying to protect the child from danger, so she tackled the priest and knocked him down to ensure the safety of the child.
The man can use the two planks to form a bridge and walk across the pond without getting wet. He places one plank perpendicular to the other, creating an "X" shape so that one plank extends out to the edge of the pond on each side and the other plank reaches the island in the middle.
They both traveled 6 miles from A to B. The cyclist traveled 12 miles in the first hour, while the walker traveled 4 miles. During the 15 minutes of running, both of them covered an additional 4 miles, making a total of 6 miles for both of them.
The detective realized he was listening to a recording because he was familiar with the sound of the local church bells, and he noticed a slight delay in the repetition of the bell sounds, indicating that it was a recording and not the real thing.
The clock was struck 13 times because it had been incorrectly set to the 13th hour, instead of the 12th hour.
The book is the Bible, it is freely available online and in print, but not sold in stores or borrowed from libraries.
The man took the fox across first, then the duck, and finally the bag of corn. He was able to do this himself without any help.
The man can make two trips. On the first trip, he takes the duck over to the other side. He then returns to the original side and takes the fox over. On his last trip, he brings the duck back and the corn. The fox won't be able to eat the duck or the corn since the duck is on the other side and the man is bringing the corn with him.
The man can build a raft to cross the river.
Ben was running on the outside of the track, so he had to run ten times further than Bill.
The duck had the old man's pipe in its mouth.
The duck had the old man's pipe in its mouth.
The stamp collector was expecting to buy a rare and valuable set of stamps, but instead he only got the common, inexpensive stamps that everyone else could buy. He was disappointed that he didn't get the stamps he wanted and felt like he was cheated out of getting a great deal.
The sheep were attracted to the road because of the heat generated by the cars and trucks passing by, which provided a warm area for them to stay.
Pete used reverse psychology on Jim. He intentionally lost the first set in order to make Jim overconfident, and then used his knowledge of Jim's playing style to win the next two sets.
The man used the secret passage to escape unnoticed while the detectives were unaware of its existence.
Bernard was feeling sick due to being in a crowded train and was worried about his safety in the train. After getting off the train, he felt relieved as he was no longer in danger.
The place is a prison. The man is leaving because he was happy that the bartender wasn't going to shoot him.
The boy was happy because he was expecting a lecture and not money, so he was satisfied with his grandmother's response.
The father of the bride identified the thief by finding someone who had been seen taking it, even though they were not caught.
The builder was looking to gain experience and so offered to build the extension for free, hoping to get the man's recommendation and build his reputation.
The army constructed a pontoon bridge, a type of bridge that is made of floating structures and is held in place by anchors. The pontoon bridge provided cover from enemy fire and allowed the army to cross the river in relative safety.
The woman hid the metal box out of fear that someone would find out about it and take it away from her. She was so scared of being found out that she died from the stress and worry of it over the course of seven years.
The patient was conscious before he struck the surgeon and was aware of the surgeon's identity. He most likely did this because he was aware that the surgeon had made a mistake during the operation, which caused him unnecessary pain and suffering.
The clergyman suggested throwing rice, as it is something physical that can be thrown from a distance and is also biodegradable.
The manufacturer produces communication devices, such as phones or radios.
The shop owner put the peas in the soccer ball to add weight and make it more usable for playing.
The mother was trying to make her daughter feel better by lying to her that the dog was alright and that it was all a mistake.
Tom is being given the job because of his connections to someone in a position of power, regardless of his lack of literacy.
The stranger was probably a thief who was trying to steal the woman's gasoline by following her to her destination.
The robber burnt the bag to destroy any evidence that could be used to identify him.
The kidnapper released the banker after holding him captive for several days, likely in exchange for a ransom payment. The kidnapper was alone and was never apprehended.
The factory was a chocolate factory and the employee had accidentally invented a new chocolate treat. The employer was pleased because it was a new product that could be sold and make a profit.
The message was delivered by a person on foot.
The man hired six employees who were all working together to scam him by taking turns not showing up to work.
Milligan had a pet golden eagle and was known in the village as someone who could take care of any problem. The man at the garage knew this and directed Chuck to Milligan's house in the hope that he could help Chuck get back to Dublin.
The man discovered that he was married and the woman he was with was his wife.
The woman fainted due to the strong smell of cleaning products.
The sailor was hit by an object from another boat while sailing his own boat in the water.
The two workmen got in trouble for drinking the rum because it belonged to the owners of the house and they were not allowed to consume it.
The man likely died due to an accidental fire. He was clutching the broken match because he was trying to put out the fire before he died.
The cold water constricted the blood vessels in his finger, causing the cut to close up and heal itself.
She died from a spell cast by the music.
The vet was warning the woman of a fire in her home.
Tom shot Joe intentionally, but since the gun was not loaded with real bullets, Tom's action was not considered as a crime and he was released by the police.
The man was trying to devalue the car in order to make an insurance claim.
The man was trying to stop the motorcyclist as he was a criminal trying to escape the police.
The man died of dehydration, likely lost in the forest and unable to find his way out.
The man was not being followed, but was instead the one doing the following. He entered the dark room to turn off the lights, so that the person he was following would be easier to shoot when they emerged from the building.
The driver of the van with the survivor used the escape hatch to survive the plunge into the water.
The man turned on the light to find his way out of the dark room.
Susan did not react because she was in shock and disbelief that the plane her husband had just boarded had crashed with no survivors.
The man had awoken to find out that he was bankrupt and had lost all his money, so he had no choice but to take his own life.
The blanket was covering a hole in a dam, and when the man reached the top of the hill, the water pressure caused the dam to burst and flood the area, killing one hundred people.
The man died because the woman gave him a medication that was not prescribed to him.
The boy shouted out the man's name and the man had a heart attack.
The man was embarrassed because he realized he had been reciting a nursery rhyme to a baby that was too young to understand it.
Terry is older than Kerry, so his birthday was two days after Kerry's birthday.
The person who cuts the cake should cut it into the same number of pieces as there are people, then the other person should choose the pieces.
The wife simply slid the letter out of the envelope without breaking the seal or tearing the envelope.
The people got the Crucifixion scene tattoos to show solidarity and as a form of aesthetic expression.
The store specializes in renting suitcases, so the assistant was surprised that Pat wanted to buy one instead.
The least number of matches that must be played to decide an overall winner is 106, as it is a single elimination tournament and players must win two sets to win a match.
The man was trying to protect himself by preventing someone from entering his house by locking all the doors and placing the key in a bucket of cold water so that it could not be found.
Harry was making a space rocket in his garage.
The man was offended by the bartender's apology and refused the free drink as a sign of protest.
The man was trying to set a personal record for meditating for the longest amount of time.
The man was trying to protect the cars from rusting. By burying them in the desert, they would be protected from the elements and could later be sold for a profit.
The building was demolished to make way for a new development.
The man was trying to stop someone from cashing the cheque by making it impossible to put back together.
The temperature reported was the temperature in a certain location at midnight on June 1st.
All of these animals have a backbone but are not mammals.
The official explained that they had miscalculated the running time of the program and as a result it had ended eight minutes earlier than it was supposed to. The program was supposed to last for 56 minutes.
The change in state traffic regulations allowed sex shops to advertise their products on the roadside, leading to an increase in trade for local sex shops.
The police tracked the criminal's movements and eventually caught him when they noticed he was targeting different families with the same scheme.
The man opened the window drapes to let in light, which allowed him to sleep easily.
The man was refused because he wasn't the right gender or age to purchase the advertised item and he was glad because he was able to avoid making a purchase he would later regret.
The man realized that he had given out his personal information when he called in for the free T-shirt, and he regretted it because he was worried about his privacy and security.
The bank staff managed to free themselves and call the police. The police then tracked the gang down and arrested them, as the bank staff had been able to identify them.
The security van was filled with counterfeit money.
The fourth person was not aware of the attack because it was a surprise birthday party and the other three people were giving the fourth person a surprise attack as a joke.
