The vet had simply taken the goldfish out of the bowl, and put it into a bigger bowl with more water.
Billy got off at the wrong stop because he was unable to read the name of his destination.
The man behind the counter was a librarian and the woman was returning the book.
The reason why the hair on a man's head goes grey before the hair in his moustache does is due to timing. Hair on the head is normally cut shorter and exposed to the elements more often, which leads to it greying faster. The hair in the moustache is usually longer and not exposed to the elements as much, so it takes longer for it to grey.
They were talking about throwing stones to scare away birds and other animals in order to protect them.
The man was drinking a cup of tea and the tea was too hot, so it scalded his eyes and blinded him.
John knew that if the weather forecast was correct, it would still be raining in 72 hours. But since it was not raining, he concluded that the forecast must have been wrong and it would be sunny in 72 hours.
You would be at the middle of the Equator where you can look north and south but not east or west.
The blind beggar and the brother were siblings.
The police officer realized that the truck driver was lost and was simply trying to turn around. Therefore, the officer chose not to intervene.
The plane was actually a glider, and the pilot was able to take advantage of an updraft to safely fly over the mountains.
The godmother of the child tackled the priest to protect the baby from the priest, as the priest was about to drop the baby.
It was 3.75 miles from A to B. The man had a 1-hour head start and traveled 4 miles. The cyclist traveled 12 miles in the same hour. The man ran for 15 minutes and traveled 1.5 miles during this time. The cyclist ran for 15 minutes and traveled 3 miles. The cyclist traveled a total of 15 miles from A to B, while the man traveled a total of 5.5 miles. Therefore, the man and the cyclist arrived at point B at the
The detective realized that the bells were a recording because of the lack of the doppler effect, which is a sound wave phenomenon that causes the pitch of a sound to change as it moves closer or further away from the listener.
The clock was actually striking 24 times, counting the midnight hour twice, since it was at the transition from one day to the next.
The book is the Bible and it is not sold in bookstores or borrowed from libraries because it is freely available in churches and is often given away as a gift.
Ben has to run 10 laps around the track, while Bill only has to run 1 lap.
The duck had the old man's pipe in its mouth.
The duck had the old man's pipe in its mouth. The old man agreed to throw his pipe out of the window if the old lady would throw her duck out. The duck was able to catch the pipe as the man threw it out of the window.
The stamp collector had bought the collection from himself, unaware that it was his own.
The sheep were coming onto the road to get away from the wind in the fields. The road acted as a windbreak and provided the sheep with shelter from the cold winter winds.
Pete had changed his playing style in the second set, aiming to make Jim hit shots into the corners of the court. This strategy worked and Jim was unable to read Pete's shots, resulting in two easy sets for Pete.
The man used the audience to help him escape by blending in with them. He pretended to be part of the audience, and when the detectives were not looking, he was able to slip out of the theatre and escape.
Bernard was worried about his safety while on the crowded train, but once he alighted, he realized he was safe and his worry disappeared.
The place is a prison - if you like it, you'd rather stay there for a day than a year, but if you hate it, you'd rather stay there for a year than a day.
He was pleased because he was expecting the letter to contain money, but instead, he got a lecture which saved him from having to spend money he did not have.
The father of the bride noticed that the person who left the reception early had the same body posture as him when he had his wallet. He asked the person to check his pockets and the wallet was found.
The builder was actually a part of a charity organization, and agreed to build the extension for free as part of their mission.
The army built a temporary pontoon bridge by tying together logs and other debris, allowing them to cross the river without being exposed to enemy fire.
The woman was superstitious and believed that if she touched the money, it would bring her bad luck. So she kept it buried for seven years before finally spending it.
The patient was suffering from a dissociative disorder and wasn't aware of his actions. He was still under the effects of anesthesia and was not in control of his actions.
The cleric suggested that the guests throw rice instead of confetti.
The manufacturer manufactures anti-aging products.
The dried peas are in the soccer ball to act as a weight, allowing customers to test the weight of a soccer ball before they purchase it.
The mother lied to her daughter to teach her an important lesson about the consequences of not taking care of her pet. She wanted to show her daughter that she should take responsibility for her actions and be more responsible for her pet's wellbeing.
Tom was selected for the job because of his name. It was a family position and he was the only one with the correct name to be eligible for the job.
The stranger had been following the woman because he had seen her buying gasoline from the filling station and had hoped to rob her.
The robber burned the bag in order to destroy any evidence that could link him to the crime.
The banker was able to recognize his kidnapper over a period of time because he was not blindfolded after the initial kidnapping, allowing him to take note of the kidnapper's movements and mannerisms.
The bungling employee had accidentally invented something new and valuable that the factory could now produce and sell.
The man used horses to deliver the urgent message in a relatively short time.
The man had hired seven identical twins, so when one twin was at work, the other was at home.
Milligan was a bird breeder and the eagle was one of his birds. He offered Chuck a room for the night and the eagle as a surprise.
He had tattoos on his body that he didn't remember getting, suggesting that he had been drugged and taken advantage of during the night.
The woman fainted due to surprise when she saw a body or part of a body.
The sailor was killed by a sudden gust of wind that caused the boom of the sailboat to swing and hit him on the head.
The two workmen were surprised to find out that the cask of rum was actually filled with gold coins!
The man was trying to light a fuse to a bomb, but was killed by the explosion before he could light the fuse.
The man was using magical water which had healing properties. When he put his hand into the water, the cut healed instantly.
She was listening to music and the sudden stop of the music caused her to die due to a heart attack or something similar.
The vet had found evidence of poison or gas in the dog's throat and warned the woman to get out of the house in case the source was still present in the house.
Tom had actually shot an empty gun. The other people in the theatre had witnessed this and restrained him until the police could arrive and confirm that he had only fired blanks.
The man damaged his car to prevent it from being stolen. He had heard of car thieves who would break into expensive cars and steal them, so he decided to intentionally damage his car so that it would be less appealing to potential thieves.
The man was trying to get the motorcyclist's attention in order to help him by flagging them down for help.
The man likely died from hypothermia as he was not appropriately dressed for the cold weather in the forest.
The man in the dark room had stolen something, and the other man was a security guard waiting to catch him in the act. When the man emerged from the dark room, the guard shot him in order to apprehend him.
The van with the driver that escaped had a window open, allowing them to swim out. The other driver's window was closed and they were not able to escape.
The man switched on the light to see his surroundings and find out where he was.
Susan did not react because she was in shock and disbelief that her husband had been killed in the plane crash.
The man had awoken in jail and seen that he had been sentenced to death by hanging, which was to take place that morning. He chose to take his own life rather than suffer the humiliation of a public execution.
The man was carrying a deadly virus in the blanket and released it as he climbed the hill, killing one hundred people.
The man died because the food was a choking hazard.
The little boy was playing with a toy arrow outside and it accidentally flew through the window and struck the man, killing him.
The man realized that the baby was not the couple's biological daughter when he recited the nursery rhyme.
Kerry and Terry were born on different years, meaning one of them was born on the last day of the year and the other on the first day of the following year. Therefore, two days after Kerry's birthday, Terry had his birthday.
To divide a cake equally among several people, one person should cut the cake into equal pieces and the other person should choose which piece they would like. This system is fair as no one can complain that someone else has received too large a piece or that they themselves have received too small a piece.
The wife opened the envelope using steam from a hot iron and then re-sealed it using the same hot iron.
These people were likely trying to identify themselves as part of a certain group or movement, such as a gang or a political organization. The Crucifixion scene was likely chosen as a symbol to represent their shared beliefs.
People rent suitcases from the shop rather than buy them because of convenience. They can return the suitcase after they finish using it and don't have to worry about storing it or bringing it on their travels.
The man put the key in the bucket of water to protect against the possibility of fire; if the house was to catch fire, the key would not be destroyed by the heat or consumed by the flames.
Harry made a model rocket that travelled at over 3000 miles per hour.
The man was trying to send a message to someone in the bar. He knew the bartender would not have the drink he asked for, and that by refusing the free offer the bartender would understand the message.
The man was in the middle of a meditation challenge to sit still for 88 hours.
The building was demolished because it held sentimental value to someone, and the new building was erected to replicate the original.
The temperature was given in degrees, but the place is unknown. You need to think of other ways to deduce the place, such as the timezone, geographical location or other environmental factors.
The official explanation was that the program presenter miscalculated the length of the program and accidentally cut off the last eight minutes. The program was supposed to last for an hour.
The change in traffic regulations allowed for longer operating hours for the sex shops, which increased the trade for the local sex shops.
The police set a trap by placing a false obituary in the newspaper. When the criminal sent an invoice to the fictitious person, they were able to catch him.
The man opened the window drapes to let in the moonlight, helping him to fall asleep more easily.
The man was refused because the item was on sale at a discounted price for certain members of the public, and the man was not a member. He was glad because had he bought the item he would have paid the full price.
The man very much regretted doing this because he realized that his name and address were now on a mailing list and he would be receiving countless spam mails and advertisements.
The bank employee managed to trigger the bank's silent alarm, alerting the police and leading to the apprehension of the gang.
The robbers were frustrated because the money they had stolen was all in cash, and it was impossible to spend such a large amount of money without drawing attention to themselves.
The fourth person was a ventriloquist and the other three were reacting to the insults coming from his dummy.
